5 ||| dr. goldberg offers everything i look for in a general practitioner.  he's nice and easy to talk to without being patronizing; he's always on time in seeing his patients; he's affiliated with a top-notch hospital (nyu) which my parents have explained to me is very important in case something happens and you need surgery; and you can get referrals to see specialists without having to see him first.  really, what more do you need?  i'm sitting here trying to think of any complaints i have about him, but i'm really drawing a blank.
2 ||| Unfortunately, the frustration of being Dr. Goldberg's patient is a repeat of the experience I've had with so many other doctors in NYC -- good doctor, terrible staff.  It seems that his staff simply never answers the phone.  It usually takes 2 hours of repeated calling to get an answer.  Who has time for that or wants to deal with it?  I have run into this problem with many other doctors and I just don't get it.  You have office workers, you have patients with medical needs, why isn't anyone answering the phone?  It's incomprehensible and not work the aggravation.  It's with regret that I feel that I have to give Dr. Goldberg 2 stars.
4 ||| Dr. Goldberg has been my doctor for years and I like him.  I've found his office to be fairly efficient.  Today I actually got to see the doctor a few minutes early!  . . He seems very engaged with his patients and his demeanor is friendly, yet authoritative.    . . I'm glad to have Dr. Goldberg as my doctor.
4 ||| Been going to Dr. Goldberg for over 10 years. I think I was one of his 1st patients when he started at MHMG. He's been great over the years and is really all about the big picture. It is because of him, not my now former gyn Dr. Markoff, that I found out I have fibroids. He explores all options with you and is very patient and understanding. He doesn't judge and asks all the right questions. Very thorough and wants to be kept in the loop on every aspect of your medical health and your life.
4 ||| Got a letter in the mail last week that said Dr. Goldberg is moving to Arizona to take a new position there in June.  He will be missed very much.  . . I think finding a new doctor in NYC that you actually like might almost be as awful as trying to find a date!
5 ||| I love Dr. Goldberg. Best doctor I've ever had, and I've had a bunch after moving around a lot in the past 25 years. Good listener, friendly & straightforward. Always presents options and takes a "let's try the least extreme course" first. Office staff has improved tremendously since Dr. Johnson left. Highest recommendation.
5 ||| All the food is great here. But the best thing they have is their wings. Their wings are simply fantastic!!  The "Wet Cajun" are by the best & most popular.  I also like the seasoned salt wings.  Wing Night is Monday & Wednesday night, $0.75 whole wings!. . The dining area is nice. Very family friendly! The bar is very nice is well.  This place is truly a Yinzer's dream!!  "Pittsburgh Dad" would love this place n'at!!
3 ||| We checked this place out this past Monday for their wing night. We have heard that their wings are great and decided it was finally time to check it out. Their wings are whole wings and crispy, which is a nice change of pace. I got their wet Cajun sauce and garlic butter wings. The Cajun did not have a bold enough flavor for me and their sauce is too thin. The sauce was also thin for the garlic butter, but that is more expected. They were better than average, but I don't like seeing all the sauce resting at the bottom of the boat. I would definitely come try this place out again to sample some of the other items on the menu, but this will probably not become a regular stop for wings anytime soon.
2 ||| Wing sauce is like water. Pretty much a lot of butter and some hot sauce (franks red hot maybe).  The whole wings are good size and crispy, but for $1 a wing the sauce could be better. The hot and extra hot are about the same flavor/heat.  The fish sandwich is good and is a large portion, sides are decent.
1 ||| This place is absolute garbage...  Half of the tees are not available, including all the grass tees.  It is cash only, and they sell the last bucket at 8, despite having lights.  And if you finish even a minute after 8, don't plan on getting a drink.  The vending machines are sold out (of course) and they sell drinks inside, but close the drawers at 8 on the dot.  There are weeds grown all over the place.  I noticed some sort of batting cage, but it looks like those are out of order as well.  Someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be.
4 ||| Before I finally made it over to this range I heard the same thing from most people - it's just fine to go work on your swing. I had such a low expectation I was pleasantly surprised. . . It's a fairly big range - if you are familiar with Scally's in Moon, it seems like it has almost as many tees, though its not nearly as nice a facility. . . The guys in the pro shop were two of the friendlier guys I've come across at ranges or at courses. Yards were indeed marked and there are some targets to aim for, and even some hazards to aim away from. . . A big red flag to me was the extra charge ($3) to hit off the grass. I am no range expert, but this is the 4th one I've been to and the first I've seen of that sort of nickel and diming..... . Price for the golf balls was reasonable and I do plan to be back every week until they close up in October for the season. Hopefully, since its for sale, it will reopen as a golf facility again.
4 ||| I drove by yesterday to get a sneak peak.  It re-opens on July 14th and I can't wait to take my kids.  The new range looks amazing.  The entire range appears to be turf, which may or many not help your game, but it looks really nice.  The tee boxes look state of the art and the club house looks like something you'll see on a newer course.  Can't wait to experience it!
5 ||| THANK YOU ROB! i truly appreciated all the help i received from this agent today who was able to removed the extra charges on my bill that the Pasadena Verizon Store on Lake was charging me on my bill for upgrading my phone.   When i went in i was having problems with my Blacberry and had to switch to the Iphone last week. Rob from the Pennsylvania store who i was connected today was able to look at my bill and all the notes and correct the problem immediately. Great Customer Service! He even set up a FOLLOW UP Phone Call with me On July 5th to make sure the credit goes through on my bill...I can't thank him enough!!!!
2 ||| After waiting for almost 30 minutes to trade in an old phone part of the buy back program, our customer service rep incorrectly processed the transaction. This led to us waiting another 30 minutes for him to correct it. Don't visit this store if you want pleasant or good service.
4 ||| I visited this store several months ago to simply ask about smartphone plans. The agent was pleasant and helpful. I would recommend a visit to this store.
5 ||| This place was DELICIOUS!!  My parents saw a recommendation to visit this place from Rick Sebak's "25 Things I Like About Pittsburgh" and he's usually pretty accurate.  His recommendations were to try the Reuben, Fish Sandwich and Open-Faced Steak Sandwich.  We went early afternoon for a late lunch today (a Saturday) and were seated right away.  The staff is extremely friendly.  My Mom & I each had the fish sandwich, while my Dad & Brother had a Reuben sandwich.  The fish was very good, but the Reuben was to die for!  Both dishes were massive, and could very easily be shared between two people.  On top of being extremely large portions, it was incredibly affordable.  The giant fish sandwich was $8 and the giant Reuben was $7.50.  Our drinks were always filled and we were checked on several times during the meal.  We will definitely be back!!!  Oh and a bit of advice ahead of time - they take CASH ONLY.  So come prepared, but I'm pretty sure I saw an ATM there as well.  And I do believe they are closed on Sundays & Mondays.
5 ||| Can't miss stop for the best Fish Sandwich in Pittsburgh.
5 ||| This place should have a lot more reviews - but I'm glad it doesn't, they don't need to get any busier.. . Its been there ages, and looks it. If you're all about ambiance, don't bother. If you pretend you're in a movie set in Pittsburgh 30 years ago it works pretty well. The service is sometimes hit or miss. Most of girls are good, one is very slow, one is amazing. They are all friendly and usually a few different people will check in to make sure that you're happy. Everything is made fresh so be prepared that nothing comes flying out of that kitchen - busy times it can take a good while to get food. . . The food is AWESOME! Worth any little complaints I might think up before it gets there. Once its on the table, I forget them all.. . -Fish Sandwiich. -Salmon (huge and delicious). -Flounder. -Shrimp a few ways ("Norfolk" style is oily for my taste, and I never had it growing up in Norfolk.). -Hawkins St Special. -Prime Rib (sized for two, watch it). . The prices are low, the portions are large, and just about everything on the menu  is delicious. I'm not one to pick a place because they give you a lot of food, but if you like a good value and don't want to compromise on taste, this place is a gem.
4 ||| This place was very good. I found out about Emil's when watching a show called "25 Things I Love About Pittsburgh" on WQED hosted by Rick Seback. This place ain't a luxurious restaurant...it's a beer & a shot bar / lounge. But the people are friendly & the food is good. I had the fish sandwich which was great. It ain't in a great part of town, Rankin, but I've been in worse places!! Try this place.
5 ||| Old school.....traditional "mom 'n pop" quality and perfection. The best fish and chips you'll ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp. A great out of the way, non-corporate, vestige of Americana. You will love it.
5 ||| Seen this restaurant on 25 best places in Pittsburgh with Rick Seback. ack. Went there with my girlfriend she grew up with the owner. She's very nice all employees are super nice service was excellent i had the fish sandwich my girlfriend had the Ruben more than you could possibly eat very reasonable prices. Going back to try the burgers  i heard there enormous and very tasty.
5 ||| Good fish sandwich.
5 ||| After a morning of Thrift Store hunting, a friend and I were thinking of lunch, and he suggested Emil's after he'd seen Chris Sebak do a bit on it and had tried it a time or two before, and I had not. He said they had a decent Reuben, but to be prepared to step back in time.. . Well, seeing as how I'm kind of addicted to late 40's and early 50's, and the whole Rat Pack scene, stepping back in time is a welcomed change in da burgh...as long as it doesn't involve 1979, which I can see all around me every day.. . And yet another shot at finding a decent Reuben in da burgh...well, that's like hunting the Holy Grail. So looking under one more bush certainly wouldn't hurt.. . So off we go right at lunchtime in the middle of...where exactly were we? At first I thought we were lost, driving around a handful of very rather dismal looking blocks in what looked like a neighborhood that had been blighted by the building of a highway. And then...AHA! Here it is! And yep, there it was. This little unassuming building with an add-on entrance with what looked like a very old hand painted sign stating quite simply 'Emil's. . . We walked in the front door, and entered another world. Another time, and another place. Oh, and any Big Burrito/Sousa foodies might as well stop reading now. I wouldn't want to see you walk in, roll your eyes and say 'Reaaaaaalllly?'. . This is about as old world bar/lounge/restaurant as it gets. Plain, with a dark wood bar on one side, plain white walls with no yinzer pics, good sturdy chairs and actual white linens on the tables. This is the kind of neighborhood dive that I could see Frank and Dino pulling a few tables together for some poker, a fish sammich, and some cheap scotch. And THAT is exactly what I love.. . Oh...but good food counts too. . . We each had a Reuben, and my friend had a side of fries. The Reubens were decent, but not NY awesome. A little too thick on the bread, but overall, tasty and definitely filling. Not too skimpy on the meat. I seriously CRAVE a true, good NY Reuben, but since I can't afford to travel right now, what I find in da burgh will have to do. But as we sat and ate, burgers came out to an adjoining table. Those were some big thick burgers. A steak went past for the table behind us. That was HUGE! And when we asked about it, the waitress said 'Yeah, it's huge and really good, and he only charges $12.99 for it, ain't that nuts?' Another table of five came in, and wham. Fish sandwiches PILED with breaded fish that looked amazing. Yeah, I want that, that, that and THAT!. . My friend also mentioned that they have a Chicken Parm special one day of the week that is only served UNTIL 4 pm, and that it is fantastic. If only I could GET there on that week day before 4.... . The waitress did a good job, especially since there was quite a growing crowd at lunchtime on a Saturday, and only one of her. She kept up and was very friendly. . . They only have Pepsi products, so I had a brewed iced tea, which was very fresh, and she did pop by to ask about refills as often as she could. As the lunch hour went on, they were getting busy.. . Emil's is no frills, good portions, very reasonable prices, VERY comfortable neighborhood hole in the wall...kind of like Cheers, but in a blue collar neighborhood in the 1950's. Fan-freakin-tastic! I could feel at home here.. . You definitely want to hit Mapquest or plug in your GPS though. I am not sure that I could find it again on my own...it really is a hidden gem. I will be making my friend take me back until I can memorize where the heck it is.. . Addendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich. Excellent. Truly. A pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun (as opposed to da burgh's seemingly popular hamburger bun). The fish was flavorful, the batter excellent, and for just $8. This may have been the best fish sandwich I've yet to have in da burgh.
4 ||| This would be my local haunt, if I were ever to relocate to the Pittsburgh area. What a great little place! Such friendly staff, and some damn good eats!.  . It was so great, that we actually went there twice during our 4-day vacation to catch the Steelers/Ravens game. . . They have daily sandwich specials. On Thursday night we went and had the special roast beef and cheese sand., and the .35 cent wings. Very, very tasty. I'm sorry, but this place kicks Primanti Bros. butt on the taste factor. They have about 8 different types of wings... reg., garlic, and I can't remember the rest - we got the regular, and I was wishing we would had ordered more.. . Going back on a Friday night, we ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and a pepperoni n' mushroom.  Wow! That buffalo chicken pizza was awesome.. . The other thing that stuck out for me was one of the customers. An older gentleman; he seemed to be a regular. I really, really wanted his SPAM t-shirt.
4 ||| A great townie bar with tasty food and an interesting clientele. I went to check this place out on the way home from the airport one Friday night and it didn't disappoint. It is refreshing to walk into a townie bar and not feel like the music stops and everyone in the place is staring at you - I'm guessing the mixed crowd of older hockey fans, young men in collared shirts, and thirtysomethings have probably seen it all during their time at this place. . . The staff was top notch - the orders were somewhat overwhelming as they appeared short-staffed for the night, but my waitress tried to keep a positive attitude for my entire visit. The other waiter was wearing a hooded cardigan, and I wanted to steal it from him due to my difficulty in finding such a quality article of clothing.. . We ordered a white pizza - large in size, engulfed in cheese, full of garlic flavor, flavorful hot sausage. An overall delicious pizza, aside from 2 things: 1, way too much grease (I know this comes with the territory, but still, it is sometimes unbearable); 2, CANNED MUSHROOMS - the worst thing to come out of a can. Ever. I would rather eat canned Alpo than canned mushrooms. And if the mushrooms weren't canned, they were just the worst mushrooms I've ever consumed. The mushroom debacle is enough to lower the review by an entire star - disgusting!. . My advice for the place is keep everything awesome - random music from the jukebox, tasty food, great prices, good crowd and staff - and get some decent mushrooms; why they spoil an otherwise above average pie with such inferior crap, I'll never know.
4 ||| Alexion's has been around forever.  The first time I went in there, I was 19 years old on summer break from college and working at the ice cream factory up the hill.  All of the union guys from the ice cream factory went in there after work, and I immediately found out why.  MANY, MANY years later, I stopped in there with some fond memories, and once again felt welcomed and valued as a customer, even though they didn't know who I was.  THE SANDWICHES are done Pittsburgh-style, sort of like Primanti's, and they are as perfect today as they were back in ancient times when I first started visiting the place.  Alexion's is a clean and peaceful little place in the Rook Station part of Green Tree, the oldest part of the town.  I recall that some of the sandwiches I got there were ordered at a pretty late hour.  Nothing but good things to say about the place, and I wish it was closer to home!
3 ||| Good for cheap drinks and wings, they offer daily specials which is nice. . . Doesnt look like much from outside but the inside is friendly enough, the bartenders have been there for awhile and do a good job. Dont expect to have a HUGE selection of alcohol. . . Their wings are good as are their salads. If you are gluten free this is not your place...lots of fried food and sandwiches. . Offers a quick lunch.
4 ||| What a cool bar/restaurant.. I will no doubt be visiting again.  The service and prices were great.. and the restrooms were clean.   I had the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was delicious.  The menu consists of typical bar food food, however; theres a few different items on there which stand out on the menu... . A cool bar off the beaten path that is a worth a trip.  . . Cheers ! !
5 ||| Awesome drink specials during happy hour. Fantastic wings that are crispy and delicious, wing night on Tuesday and Thursday!
3 ||| Good beer selection. Understaffed for a light Monday night crowd, it wasn't her fault she was the only server. But it took about an hour to get our sandwiches. Mine was one of the best reubens I've ever had.
5 ||| Grew up near here. the family would always go once a month. Haven't stopped in for a few years until last Friday with a few friends to grab a drink. The sandwiches are always amazing just as I remember. The staff is amazing and friendly. Great place for lunch as well.
2 ||| Very disappointed in the customer service. We ordered Reuben's  and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut. They charged us $3.00 for the coleslaw. We will not be back . The iced tea is also terrible tasting.
5 ||| Let there be no question: Alexions owns the best cheeseburger in the region and they have now for decades. Try a burger on Italian bread. The service is flawlessly friendly, the food is amazing, and the wings? Oh the wings... but it's still about the cheeseburger. The atmosphere is inviting, but you can't eat atmosphere... so go right now. Grab the car keys... you know you're hungry for an amazing cheeseburger, maybe some wings, and a cold beer! Easily, hands down, the best bar and grill in Pittsburgh.
5 ||| The sandwiches, the wings, enough said. Alexions can best be described as a home-style Primantis before they went mega commercial. You really can't go wrong, but for my money, I would put Alexions fish sandwich up with the best I've had. That's not to take away from other selections, but if you come here I recommend not leaving until you've had either the fish sandwich, Reuben, or wings. . . You'll know you're in a Pittsburgh bar when you walk in. For someone who lives in Atlanta now and only makes it to Pittsburgh a few times a year, I have to say it is refreshing. Feels like home. I haven't had a trip back without making it out to Alexions at least once.
3 ||| We met a couple of friends there on a Friday afternoon about 440 pm, based on the Yelp reviews. I've relied on Yelp in over a dozen different cities, never came away with anything less than a positive experience until today. . . We ordered within 5 minutes of sitting down, there couldn't have been more than 20 people in the place, counting the people on the patio.  Took them almost 40 minutes to serve 3 sandwiches and a salad. I tried the fish sandwich, came out fried extra crispy on the ends, if there is such a thing as fish jerky a third of the sandwich would have qualified, it was just ok. I've had better at almost any church that fries fish during Lent. . . All 3 of my dinner companions left partial sandwiches  or salad uneaten. Bread french fries and onion rings were good though. Iced tea was good, though I've never seen a place dispense sweet n low like they were giving away their last rock of crack. Asked for sugar but never saw any, they don't carry any other artificial sweeteners besides the pink stuff.. . I may give the place another try in the future for a Reuben or hamburger, assuming today was some aberration possibly due to a cook having a family emergency or something like that. Waitress was pretty good, held up under my multiple requests to find out if they caught my fish yet, hardly ever rolled her eyes :)
1 ||| I got 'new' tires from them and within two weeks got a flat. I took my car to a local mechanic to see if i could get the hole patched, but they said the reason I had a flat was because the previous patch had blown - WAIT, WHAT? I just got the tire and never needed to have it patched? This was supposed to be a new tire. . I took the tire over to Flynn's and they told me that someone punctured my tire, then tried to patch it. So there are resentful tire slashers? I find that very unlikely. After arguing with the guy and telling him that his logic was far fetched he said he'd give me a new tire "this time". . I will never go back to Flynn's b/c of the way this guy treated me and the simple fact that they gave me a used tire!
1 ||| Terrible. Preordered my tires and when I arrived they couldn't find the order anywhere. Once we got through that process I waited over 2 hours for them to be put on... I was originally told it would take 30 mins. Slow, over priced, I'll go elsewhere next time.
4 ||| Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing. . Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide. . And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
1 ||| Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They "fixed" it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the "manager" didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
4 ||| Most random location for a mini golf course ever.  This is old school. It's built into the woods (spray yourself for bugs first) right off Forsythe Rd near Carnegie Park.  The candy hut is fun to spend your spare change.  They recently re-carpeted the holes and added a few gimmicks that weren't there before.  It won't knock your socks off, but if you're local, give it a try!
4 ||| I think this place is closed. Their number is out of service, sign is gone and the course has not been maintained. Awesome woodsy mess of a course though!
4 ||| I've been informed by a fellow Yelper that they are just closed for the season, I hope they're right! I find it strange they don't keep their phone number in service with a recording and that they didn't cover the course up to protect it from weather, vandalism, etc. Either way, I can't wait to get my game on in the spring!
1 ||| Don't waste your time.  We had two different people come to our house to give us estimates for a deck (one of them the OWNER).  Both times, we never heard from them.  Not a call, not the estimate, nothing.
2 ||| I will start by saying we have a nice new deck. That is where the good part ends.. . Why two stars if we have a nice deck now? Well, it all started in May when we had a man named Al come out and talk to us about the process. He was a true salesman, I'll tell you that. Not a straight shooter, but an excited salesman that wanted to sell... And we bought into it.. . He told us they were backed up with the harsh winter and a lot of jobs, but they could probably start by June 24th. Mind you, this was the end of May we met with him. He said they would have to do a survey of our land and get a permit from Dormont before they started. We felt confident in going with them, and booked it.. . Here's where things fell apart. Weeks went by with no word from them on the process. Finally I called and left messages. Al finally got in touch with me and the conversation was utterly confusing. He must have not understood me because he just kept talking in circles. So I hung up not knowing what was going on. Finally I called back and the admin told me that the survey could take a couple weeks to come back. I wish Al would have told us that.. . So our June 24th date came and went. We finally got our survey. And they were quick to bill us for it, but no word on where we were in the process. I called back a couple times with no real answers from the admin. Apparently they were now waiting for the permit from Dormont.. . A month later, I was frustrated and asked to speak with someone at the company. I spoke with someone who told me that Dormont usually takes a week to process the permit, but we were now going on a month. He told me he would bug the guy about it and we finally got it. . . I completely understand that waiting on the permit is not their fault, but why no communication about it? Just call me and tell me they're waiting for the permit, but they'll work towards asking Dormont what the hold up is. Seems simple.. . Finally we get the permit and work is supposed to start. Tuesday comes and they have to wait for approval from Dormont on holes they're digging. So holes are dug and equipment is put in my backyard and then nothing happens for two days. Where did everyone go? Who knows, because I wasn't informed! . . I was upset and contacted the company owner, Dave, by email. I told him how frustrated I was about the lack of communication. He wrote me two sentences that  said "there will be acres there tomorrow morning to finish and most will be done tomorrow." Well, that didn't happen.. . Then two other dudes show up two days later and did work for about three hours and left. The main guy comes back the next day and says they did it wrong. So apparently the part about how they wouldn't need access to my house changes to they're drilling bolts into my house to secure he deck. . . Finally, the second week into construction, my tiny 10x11 foot deck is done. It was upsetting that they left the deck dirty, and all the dirt and cement they moved around wasn't cleaned up. I even asked them to fill all the holes they dug up and didn't use, and they only filled up one. When you create a construction project, isn't it just good business to clean it up and make it look nice? Didn't happen here.. . My main point is, contractors have a reputation for not being the most trustworthy. Why be that company? Why not be an upstanding company that consumers can trust? My main issues with them were that things were not communicated to me properly up front, nor was the ongoing process communicated to me. Then they left everything unfinished in my eyes, leaving the site dirty. I understand things happen and things get delayed, but just email or call me. It's not that hard to keep me updated, it is 2014 with a million ways to be contacted.. . Even though I have a nice deck (after I clean things up myself!), I would not recommend them to anyone.
4 ||| When I wanted a deck for the back of my home I ended up calling Quaker State Construction. It ended up working very well and they were very polite. I got an estimate and called them to start working out the details of my new deck. Once we got the plans all sorted out they started building my new deck and it was finished with in a reasonable amount of time. I now have a beautiful deck that I can relax and that my family can enjoy. Overall, they did a good job and I would use them in the future for all my deck necessities.
3 ||| I have never seen a restaurant that has a frowning brownie (a.k.a. Frownie) as their icon, mascot, or spokesperson.  King's Family Restaurant has surprised me with this.  I think it might be in direct dialogue with Eat N' Parks smiling cookie -- funny (funny odd, not funny ha-ha).  We were seated rather quickly by the manager.  Very nice people work here, I was happy to find that even though they had closed a section, the server was willing to stay longer to serve us our dinner.. . We chatted with the server a little bit -- she was quite engaging -- and then moved on to order our meal:. . Tea. Pepsi. Open-faced Hot Turkey Sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy. Buffalo Chicken strips with mashed potatoes and macaroni n' cheese. . Our drinks arrived and our server conversed with us some more about the area.  She would leave every couple of minutes to check on our food and to make certain that her other tables had everything they needed.  Eventually, our entrees arrived -- both piping hot.  I went straight for the macaroni and cheese.  It didn't taste bad, but I swear that it is made by Stouffers.  I didn't feel the need to eat that much knowing that there were other things to eat.  I tried the mashed potatoes and found that they too came from a package; but, again, they didn't taste bad with the brown gravy.  I moved on to the main part of my meal -- the buffalo chicken strips.  At least they were all white meat and the buffalo sauce was more than just mild.  I contented myself with eating them.  . . I tried some of the hot turkey sandwich and just left the rest for my friend since it was not fresh cut turkey but instead luncheon meat that had been heated.  I finished off my dinner and was happy in the end.  No, it wasn't the best food in the world, but the service greatly helped the perception and it didn't taste bad.
3 ||| So... back in the late 90s, there used to be this super-kick-ass cinnamon ice cream, like an apple pie ice cream without the apples or the pie crust.  SO DELICIOUS!. . However, NOW there is some shit-tastic replacement that tastes like vanilla ice cream with last year's red-hot in the middle: totally gross.  Fortunately, our server was nice enough to warn me about the change and bring me a sample, so I only had to suffer the death of a childhood memory rather than also having to pay for it.. . The portions are big and filling, just don't come for the ice cream.
4 ||| Ive pretty much been eating at various Kings' pretty regularly since I was a child when my parents would take my sister and I into the Fox Chapel location often.  Lately me and my girl have been visiting the Heidelburg location. I love the food, it really tastes homemade, much like something a grandmother would make, complete with gobs of butter and side dishes. Prices are low, selection is great, but dont expect fine dining by any means. . . Service is hit or miss at pretty much all of them; if you have lunch at any Kings, you will likely be waited on by a sweet but sarcastic  older lady who has been doing the waiting thing for 30 years and knows her game. Seek out this lady.  My experience with the younger crowd at night isnt the same.. . Im in my 30s now, and very little has changed, other than the Fox Chapel location was remodeled about 10 years ago to look less like a diner, which was a big fail.  Any girl I meet has to enjoy Kings or she's out.
2 ||| Hoofah.
4 ||| I heart King's. I've always been a fan and this one was as good as my old one in Monaca.
4 ||| I arrived around 10 am on a Saturday morning.  I was greeted by the hostess,who was polite and friendly, and I informed her that I was alone.  She had just arrived, as well, and wasn't exactly sure what was going on yet, so she asked (the manager?) where she should seat me.  After receiving guidance, she brought me to a table towards the back.  It had not yet been cleaned after the previous guests had dined.  So, she quickly got it cleared off, grabbed a rag, and wiped it down.. . The waitress came rather quickly to take my drink order.  She was extremely friendly.  I ordered coffee and water, which she went and got while I looked over the menu.  She returned, and took my order.  I ordered the Cinnamon Swirl French Toast Special - Three slices of French toast made with Pittsburgh's own Jenny Lee® Cinnamon Swirl, two farm-fresh eggs, with bacon or sausage (I chose sausage), and your choice of potato (I went with the cheesy hash brown casserole).  I also added an orange juice.  She went and put my order in, while I waited, and came back with it after not too long.   The eggs were cooked exactly how I wanted them, the cheesy hash brown casserole and the french toast were both delicious.  I also enjoyed the sausage which was pretty typical.. . Kings Family Restaurant featured a very friendly staff, great prices, and tasty food.  I am pleased and will definitely come back again.
2 ||| Average run of the mill store.  Associates are young teens and they really don't know where anything is.  Luckily I am able to get around to find everything.  Found my puppy treats and moved on.
3 ||| Not bad for a Shop N Save, most are privately owned, so availability of items might differ from place to place. The only time I frequent S n S is when the have their huge two day sales usually held on Thursday and Friday at least once month.. . Good bakery at this location too.
2 ||| Two meals, on the recommendation of a friend who lives near the place, and after the second trip, I was compelled to write. 'Rocky' would definitely describe the experiences.. . On the first trip, I went to try their (at that time)raved about Reuben. And YET to find a true good Reuben in da burgh, I tried it.. . Well, they were out of the proper bread, and the guy had to run to the store to buy the closest thing he could find, which was not the proper bread, and instead of one of their 'raved about' Reubens, I received two mini-Reubens, which basically took the guts from one Reuben, and spread it out onto two sandwiches on regular sized bread. I ate it. It wasn't great, but they swore it was because they'd run out of the bread. Bread or not, it still wasn't great. The atmosphere was pleasant in that 'blue collar bar' kind of way, and the staff was very nice, but not a winning pitch on the Reuben.. . The second trip was after a long day of moving furniture with the same friend. Sat in the back room, instead of the bar, which felt more like a restaurant, of course, with the big screen TV covering the sports of the moment.. . I was in the mood for dinner this time, and after a scan, decided on fried chicken and mashed potatoes with the salad bar. My friend ordered one of her faves, the breaded pork chops.. . We hit the salad bar, which was uber-basic. Three soups (mostly vegetable loaded, which left me out), basic iceberg lettuce mix (very probably out of a bag), a few veggie toppings, and three or four dressings. It was a basic salad, no big deal. More or less an appetizer filler before the meal.. . The mind-blower in this trip was the ordering of the fried chicken dinner. Our waiter looked like a 19 year old gas station attendant, skinny little blonde guy with a sweet but incredibly naive face, and an air of vapidity, which was confirmed when I placed my order. I asked what chicken pieces came in the dinner, and asked if it was possible to only get dark meat. I never imagined how confusing a question that could possibly be. It literally took him two trips back to the kitchen to 'ask', and the child honestly had no clue what 'white meat' and 'dark meat' meant. The first answer he came back with was that the chicken came in a pre-portioned prepared bag, kind of Kentucky Fried Chicken style...which didn't answer my question, thus prompting the second trip. . . After the second trip back I heard the cook holler 'Tell him I'll fix him up'. . . Well, the chicken was prepackaged dreck like you'd find in the freezer case of Walmart, tiny and not good, and the potatoes had that slight tinge of chem-spuds flavor, laden with some kind of chopped up green (parsley?), and a side of that basic brown gravy served up in 5 gallon buckets.. . Thank goodness for the basic salad bar.. . Even my friend admitted that her pork chops were different and not what she'd expected. They also appeared to be from a freezer bag.. . The irony was that the boy who didn't know white meat from dark meat, was chatting with some other customers...about baseball...and he was a genius about the mindless sport of baseball. Ahhhh da burgh.. . Third base? Nah...why bother when there are so many other options around. Go on in a grab a beer and chat black and gold if you happen to be in Carnegie...they can help you out all types of ways in that area. Just don't go hungry if you actually have tastebuds.. . From what I understand it 'used to be' really good homecooked food. But apparently, mama has left the kitchen.
5 ||| everything was great!
5 ||| If you are searching for a go to fish place for Lent....look no further.  This place will give you the best fish sandwich in Pittsburgh.  The sandwich has enough fish to make four sandwiches.  You will not be able to finish this sandwich in one seating.. Enjoy....
5 ||| Italian dinners, American, endless soup and salad bar is great. Most food for your dollar. I highly recommend. Great bar. Good place to watch a game. The bar can get quite noisy in the evenings, but it adds to the great atmosphere at Rocky's
3 ||| If you want a true understanding of Pittsburgh in the morning, come here. This greasy spoon is always packed, and is one of the better of its kind south of the city.. . They serve waffles in halves, which is great. The eggs and toast are good, the homemade hot sausage is excellent. The drawback are the barely cooked potatoes.. . If you're hungry, get "The Mixed Grill"... Gab and Eat's brand of the "kitchen sink" breakfast that all Midwest places are about.
5 ||| Stick to basics and this is the best place in or around the 'burgh.  First time go with a friend and sit at the counter.  Short order cooking at it's best, it's like a floor show with the actor's backs to you.  Breakfast has no losers.  Eggs, omelets, pancakes, waffles, breakfast sandwiches to order, the ever popular mixed grill, get a 1/2 Louie instead of home fries (although they good as is) and don't forget the italian toast.. . Frequently voted the best burger in Pittsburgh for a reason.  As for ambiance, well lets just say I don't think there are two matching plates or coffee mugs in the joint.  But the coffee's good and hot and refreshed often as the service is good, andlocal with many long time folks working here.  If I don't get there for awhile I need to go through detox because I feel too healthy.
4 ||| The biggest breakfast in Pittsburgh, as far as I can tell - and delicious and cheap too. I ordered some mix of eggs, bacon and pancakes - and got 2 dinner-sized plates, one loaded with pancakes and the other stuffed with eggs, bacon, and home fries. Oh, and a side of toast. For under $5, if I recall.. . HUGE portions, all well-executed; as good as DeLuca's.. . I've not had anything besides breakfast, so can't comment on the burger or anything else.. . Cramped quarters, and you'll have to wait, but when nothing but monster morning food will do, this is the destination.
5 ||| Okay, let's first set expectations.  This place is a true DIVE...this is not for the NYC foodie crowd.  If you want a down home, large portion awesome breakfast, this is the place.  The place is packed with happy diners, the server was very friendly in a busy grandma kind of way.  The best part - they have "dippy" eggs on the menu and define the degree of dippy you can order.  For anyone who has never heard of a "dippy" egg - this means sunny side up or over medium where the eggs are still runny and you can dip your bread in them.  The eggs were great - I ordered mine over medium, the breakfast potatoes were fab - no complicated additives like peppers or onions - just plain good potatoes cooked in fat - the best part - the fresh Italian bread.  YUM!!!
5 ||| Love this place.  Never had a bad meal.  Good portions and great people.  Be ready to stand in line.
5 ||| My favorite breakfast place.  Have good sandwiches also.  Stopped again for Bfast and had the mixed grill--get the small portion unless you are a real MAN!  Mixed grill has sausage, (could it be Ricci's?), eggs, onions, and home fries, soooo goooooooood!  Use Mancini's bread for toast, got the raisin toast - Yum.  . . Have had many other items and just love the food.  If you like to watch a true cook, sit at the counter.  Banter with the cook and staff and patrons is fun!. . Lunch is good, sausage sandwich, hamburgers and other lunch meats fried on the grill.. . Gets busy for Bfast so you may have to wait.. . Remember it is a diner.  Don't expect fancy decor.
4 ||| Definitely a greasy spoon! Always packed here and always a wait but worth it. The omelets are really tastey especially with their homemade sausage. I also like the mixed grill.  My parents love their burgers. Took off a star for lumpy booths and really tight tables (your arm gets hit when someone walks past) oh and waitresses aren't very attentive.
4 ||| If you're looking for no frills but a great breakfast this is the place. I got the mixed grill half portion and was very full. Make sure you have extra calories for the day because they are not afraid to use butter. Loved the breakfast and would go back. Not much room for sitting down but worth the wait.
5 ||| Great breakfast place. Come hungry. Look for Dick, my dad, and Gino at the counter every a.m. about 0830 and say hi. Try the mixed grill (half).
3 ||| OK, what is with all of these "CASH ONLY" places in Pittsburgh? I can appreciate that some smaller businesses might have trouble installing a credit card system in their store/resturant, but could you perhaps provide an ATM?  In the past, this would deter me from eating at this place. . . Looking at a standard breakfast menu, I decided to go with a tuna melt instead. What I got was a cold tuna salad sandwich with a slice of cheese on toast. I had ordered a melt being in the mood for a warm meal, but to no avail. One day later I can't even remember what my side was. I suppose it didn't leave much of an impression on me.  I have to say that the dessert was really good! The cherry pecan pie! I have not seen this concoction anywhere else but this was awesome! The cherries were not the sweet canned variety, but a pie worthy tart topped with sugar. I think I want to make this pie with my parents next harvest of our cherry tree!. . My first impression is "Eh."  I am learning how crazy Pittsburghers are over breakfast! Seriously, waiting 30 minutes for a table at a tiny diner with a menu that reads as follows:  . . "2 eggs and toast $x.xx". "2 eggs, meat, and toast $x.xx". "2 eggs and pancake $x.xx". . I'd rather go to a Denny's and order the "create your own Grand Slam!"
5 ||| Best French toast ever!! Love the friendly atmosphere, and especially the breakfast. Never been disappointed. You have to try French toast with raisin bread too... yummy!
5 ||| Great Diner!  Their breakfast is the best in the area!  Lots of  choices and always good.  Love the unique mugs they use for coffee and all the writing on the wall.  Get there early otherwise you will not get a seat!  They have homemade hot/sweet sausage and texas toast.
5 ||| Readers of my reviews may recall that I once referred to The Dor-Stop as possibly the best breakfast in Pittsburgh.  Well, faithful followers, I must now admit that The Dor-Stop has now been verified as only one of the best.  Why?  That's because Gab and Eat I have now found to be THE best breakfast I've ever had.  If it was closer to my home I would quickly become a regular.. . I easily decided to order the Mixed Grill (Half).  Before I go on, I must ask...has anyone seen a full order?  Because I honestly can't imagine how much food that is.  I created my own with bacon, cheese, eggs and potatoes.  Based on reviews I also opted to get a side of the sausage and was pleased as punch when our waitress asked if I wanted hot or sweet....or one of each.  I like variety, so I jumped on the change to try both.  I also selected the Italian toast - what other kind is there, really?  . . When my food arrived, it looked delicious.  There was so much bacon that after eating half of my Mixed Grill it looked like I'd barely started.  The sausage was great, just don't ask me which one I liked best.  My toast?  4 thick slices that looked to be about half the loaf and were buttered on both sides. It was a struggle, but I was determined to enjoy every tasty morsel and not leave a crumb.   . . In case anyone is wondering, yes, they use real butter.  I saw pounds of it stacked in the kitchen with my own two eyes.  The wait staff was quick and efficient as well as helpful and friendly with our larger group of 9 people.  The fact that none of the plates match and I noticed a sign at the front register that said, "We need mugs" just makes me love this place even more.. . A few tips: 1.) Order the Mixed Grill.  2.) Cash only!  3.) Gab and Eat is a popular place but also very small and narrow (or cozy if you will).  I recommend going during the week when they are still busy but can accomodate a group.  That way you won't feel rushed or crowded.  4.) Get to Gab and Eat ASAP!  You'll be glad you did!
5 ||| Classic breakfast joint.  Grimy looking hole in the wall located on one end of a seedy looking strip mall.  Window is opaque due to the grease so you can't hardly see inside. On the outside, there are about a dozen people waiting to get in.  When you finally do get inside, you see that there are 15 tables and a counter, all occupied by people from all walks of life.. . What's the attraction behind this flea hole?  The FOOD!  Lots of it and dirt cheap.  I sat at a vacant stool behind the formica counter and ordered the mixed grill.  Potatoes, eggs, sausage, bacon and Italian toast.  A giant mound of food guaranteed to sooth any hangover.  I swear the full mixed grill had two pounds of food.  Neat thing is that the grill is right in front of you so you can see your potatoes and eggs frying in a pool of fresh grease.  All that food, plus coffee and tip for around ten bucks.  Cash only, so put that plastic away.. . Only bad thing that could happen is some douche bag from the Food Network or Travel Channel will make this place famous, and then I'll never be able to get in.
4 ||| Yum - freaking - me!. . As the other fellower yelpers mentioned - this place is a cash only.    A couple of recommendations:. . - Don't eat early in the week . - I don't recommend wearing any tight clothing (no skinny jeans) - you will not be skinny when you leave. . .  I walked in for breakfast one early weekday AM.   The place was packed with locals and regulars.    A very good sign.. . My co-worker recommended I get the mixed grill.   I ordered the large mix grill.   My waitress tried to warn me - it is large (very large).    I ended up eating the left-overs for the next 2 days.. . Food - . . The Mixed Grill comprises their homemade sausage, grilled onions, grilled peppers, potatoes, fried eggs.     . . Portion -. . This should have been a man vs food episode.   I was not going to attempt to eat all the food.   It was really good.. . Service - . . My waitress looks as if she had been working there for years.   She was fast, friendly, and offered good advice.. . Price - . . The cost ranges $5 - 10.. . . I will definitely go back after I buy some new stretchy pants.
5 ||| Best breakfast spot in the area, If you like diner food it is the place to go. Small, so you will want to avoid the church crowd on Sundays, but the wait is never too long.  Everyone is friendly and has obviously been working there for a while.  If you are feeling like lunch food go a little later, their burgers are made on the breakfast griddle and are delicious.
4 ||| Great breakfast, good price. You might have to stand outside in line though, so I don't really recommend winter time to go. lol. Very friendly service, interesting coffee mugs. They have great deserts and such also. Bring your cash though as they dont' take cards.
5 ||| This is exactly what a breakfast place should be like--comfortable, quirky, unpretentious and with inexpensive, large portioned working class breakfast plates.
4 ||| Met my nephew for lunch in Carnegie and he suggested Gab & Eat.   Way to go Justin!  The restaurant is in a strip mall across from the Dairy Queen.  The grill is right up front so you can see them cooking.   They have counter space for eating and tables/booths for 4.   Don't expect to sit at one table if you have more than 4. They have a great looking breakfast menu.   We all got burgers of varying kinds!  They were tasty!   The buns were buttered, toasted and soft.  Yum!   the amount of butter didnt bother me  but it did my whiny mother. Who whined even though there is a no whining sign as you walk in the door.   We ordered fresh cut fries as onion rings.  Both of which were great.  The half order was plenty and a nice option to a full order.   The restaurant was full of local men at lunch which is usually a good sign.  I give it a 4 star only because of the waitress who kind of threw straws, silverware and napkins at us as she walked behind the counter.  At least she didn't throw the food when it came!   She also served the fries and Onion rings way before our burgers came out which was kind of weird.   They were nice and hot but would have been cold had we waited for the burgers.   It didn't factor into my four star rating but I deduct a star from nephew because he invited us out to lunch then allowed me pay!   Just kidding Justin!   Love ya!
5 ||| Wow! Read the great reviews and I was not let down. Huge portions. The mixed grill was THE best breakfast I've ever had. If you go to Pittsburgh it is a must eat. Service was superb. Friendly staff. Led zeppelin on the walls. .....what else could you ask for?
5 ||| A gem. The coffee cups are mismatched . The owner is three feet away from me cooking. The sausage is made for them locally. And the food is frickin awesome. I had the pancakes, my daughter had the sausage and egg sandwich.  Cash only.  Friendly service.
5 ||| Barb's Country Junction gets a 5 star rating for me because it is truly everything that a Pittsburgh restaurant should be.  In addition to being the apple of my nostalgia's eye, it is also the constant thought of my tummy when I'm hungry on the weekends.  . . Barb's breakfasts cannot be beat, but truly any meal you get there you won't regret.  Everything is made to order, with fair portions, and great prices. My recommendation is a breakfast sandwich on a bagel and a coffee.  There's nothing better than drinking from a cup that could have come from your grandma's kitchen.. . I know that Gab N Eat is nearby, and Barb's can be a little weird get to with the strange traffic pattern but this really is a gem of Carnegie that you've gotta try!
5 ||| Great little place. Treats you like a local.Eaten here 3 times a week for a month.  Same overtime. Barb is always here.
2 ||| My first time going to Barb's Country Junction and I really wanted to like this place, I really did...however, I didn't.. . The food was decent, some was above average and some below but it was overall decent. I got pancakes, bacon and eggs. The pancakes were really good and fluffy, the home fries were simply okay and the eggs were not cooked well. My son had a burger and it was good. The coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate. I would give the food 3/5.. . The service was subpar for sure. While our waitress was a really nice girl, she wasn't on top of anything at all. Had to ask for coffee refills, had to ask for silverware, for napkins...etc. She got the order messed up and so on. I give the service 2/5.. . The inside of the place had some country charm as you'd expect but want particularly cleanly. It also had a leaky roof in several places which had buckets collecting the water. A customer even tripped over the buckets and fell. I give the interior 2/5.. . The prices were decent. I fed my whole family breakfast (3 of us) for $23. I give the prices 3/5.. . So in summary, you can get okay food here for a rather cheap price but it is not a great place to dine in by any means. There are better diners in the area that I will patronize in the future rather than Barb's.
3 ||| My husband and I tried this place for the first time today. It was easy to find and no problems with parking. It's "Seat Yourself", but there were no signs stating this, so we stood there looking like fools for a minute. It took awhile for the waitress to acknowledge us and I'm guessing that this was Barb. She apologized and said that one of her workers called off today. No big deal and her apology was appreciated. She came back with our drinks, dropped them off, and left again. We didn't see her for another 20 minutes. Ultimately, we were there for 30 minutes before she took our order. This was aggravating to me. I don't mind waiting for my food if I know it's going to be awesome and they're making it with love, but come on now. We ordered the hot pepper omelette/home fries/ toast and chocolate chip pancakes/sausage. The food was alright, really nothing special. A new waitress ended up taking care of us and she was much more attentive. We may or may not go back.
3 ||| For the price I ended up paying, this place was fine. There was a full kitchen, king bed and TV. I was just surprised at the lack of amenities at the hotel. While I have stayed at other extended stay hotels, I was surprised to find a sign in the room at this one stating that you only got your room cleaned once per week...if you wanted it more often than that you would have to pay for it. If you needed fresh towels, you'd have to go to the main desk to get them. They also only provided a small bar of soap in the room...not the typical soap, shampoo, lotion, etc. This didn't bother me too much as I was only staying a couple days but again I found it surprising not to have these basic things. . . The hotel in general was easy to get to and very easy to get back onto to freeway from. The hotel was clean and the people who worked there were very nice.
4 ||| Great value, close drive to city, not much to do around hotel, its a business park. Carnegie city has a few bars and restaurants.
4 ||| Simple. Rustic. Local. Wait that is every Gordon Ramsey review. . My experience at extended Stay America was great. The staff was warm and friendly and made it a point to speak to me every morning as I left and when I returned in the evening. They went out of their way to provide A confirmation and point me in the direction of restaurants and nightspots when needed. . . If I ever need to utilize an extended stay hotel I wouldn't hesitate to head back there.
4 ||| I've stayed at a couple of Extended Stay sites that I found quite satisfactory and this location proved to be just as good. Excellent place to stay while visiting Pittsburgh. It is just a five minute drive to downtown. Location is in a business park area so it is quiet. . . The rooms contain a nice kitchenette area with a full sized refrigerator, sink, cabinets and two burners. There is no oven which I expected as the descriptions all state "full kitchen" so be aware of that. Also they do not keep the dishes, pots and pans, coffee makers, toasters or utensils in the rooms. If you want them you have to request them at the desk during check in. . . The room was clean and well maintained. Cable tv quality is spotty sometimes but not intolerable. The free wifi is usually fast. . . The best part about this location was the staff. The people at the desk were all very pleasant and welcoming and quite willing to assist with any questions or issues with a smile.  I would definitely stay at this location again and highly recommend it.
5 ||| I have said it on other sites and will repeat here. You MUST try their burgers. They are juicy and delicious with a bun that is perfect. Another must are the fries with Guinness gravy and if you haven't had enough go for the ultimate sleeper, Leek and potato soup. Authentic black & tans. Harp and Murphys on tap. It don't get no better. This is a true gem my friends.
1 ||| If I could give this place less than one star, I would. I have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked. The decor is tired and grimy, the place reeked of smoke, and the bartender/server was surly, to put it mildly. We went there on a Saturday night with a mind to try the Irish food. Apparently, we were out of luck. I've always thought that the secrets of restaurant success is to actually stock food for people to eat. He told us before we ordered that they had no "pies". No chicken pot pie, no shepherds pie, etc. So, we gamely tried to order other things. We placed our order. My wife, for example, ordered the Irish stew and he came back 5 min later telling us they were out of that and even more things for several people in our party. At that point my wife picked out a third option, ham and cabbage, only to be told again that "they were out". At that point, realizing that the only food to be had in the place was what was crusted on the menus, we asked to pay for our drinks and left. They actually then gave us flack for not having enough to put it on a debit card. In short, unless you like your dinner with a side of disappointment and depression, I'd probably avoid this place like the plague. Speaking of the plague, I suppose we should thank Mr. Surly for inspiring us to walk out. I only have two bathrooms at my house and would've been hard pressed to accommodate several violently ill people at once.
4 ||| Best Irish food in the Burgh.  Great bar food too.  The service is maybe a bit surly and it's not the cleanest, nor the best decor.  But, that's not what this place is about.  It's a town Irish bar and it serves great solid Irish fare and suds to the locals.  And it does it better than anyone.  I go back again and again.
2 ||| Okay, so hopefully you haven't been enjoying happy hour @ Riley's Pour House before you read this or you might not be able to follow the lilting Irish owners. . . To recap: Murphy's Pour House from 1979-1985. Sullivan's Pour House from 1995-2002. Paddy's Pour House from 2002-2012. And, bagpipe please, Riley's Pour House opens March 1 of 2012. Still with me?. . It's a tiny long bar just like the old Irish pubs. No more smoking allowed. Hurrah!!!  Same lousy service. . . My guess is that the entire place needs (no, strike that .... demands) an automated food/beverage ticketing system. None of the cooks, bartenders, or waitresses know who ordered what nor what ticket belongs to which table. It's actually pretty funny if you're not a) hungry or b) thirsty. . . I really really want this place to do better. We need more Irish pubs and local old time watering holes. . . Get it together, Murphy's ... er, I mean Sullivan's....er, I mean Paddy's or is it Riley's? ;  ).  Whatever the case, they have cold Guinness. And Irish music.  And fun patrons.
1 ||| The delivery driver mistakenly rang my doorbell, having confused 133 and 113.. . Rather than taking a step back and analyzing the situation, he begins to accuse my wife and I of ordering and refusing to pay for this pizza.. . The driver then gets on his cell phone and rather than calling the number than was given when the order was placed, begins to call his bosses and starts threatening me with felony charges. . . So I take the initiative and ask the fine upstanding gentleman what the phone number of the order-er was, phone my neighbor and discover the mistake. Rather than a thank you or a sorry, he just speeds off (breaking the speed limit on our block) to reach his destination 50 feet away.. . I would call to complain, but based on the other reviews, its clear the owners do not care about Carnegie or it's residents, and its pretty well known around town just how awful their food is, so it would be pointless to boycott a place I'd never order from again anyway.. . Do yourself a favor and order from ANY other establishment in town.
3 ||| 3/6/12  visit -  i am from san francisco bay area and if u want a dive go to china town in san francisco. - this place was dirty like chinatown dive but some of the best food i have every tasted came from a dive. the food was really good and my group ordered a bunch of different things it was all good- a- taste.- prices are reasonable a-. --------they dont speak english very good and got my order wrong.. sweet potatoe fries a+. pizza  - a. eggplant hoagie b+. greek salad b+. gyro a+. if they scrubbed the place down and the lady spoke better english 4 star ****
1 ||| Some of the worst pizza I've ever had.  We used a coupon from the paper for a 2 topping 8 cut Sicilian. First of all the pizza wasn't even cut through, and the sad attempt at cutting was so uneven that 4 of the slices were about an inch wide, while the others were about 4" each. The toppings were scarce, they used mini pepperoni and put maybe 8 on the whole pizza. The onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can. The worst part though was the thick doughy crust that tasted more like a fishy sourdough roll. I'm serious... It was so noticeable that it made me wonder if the dough was bad or if they for some weird reason put fish sauce in it. It was gross. . . We also ordered steak and Italian hoagies. The veggies were old and wilted, and there was no dressing on either. The Italian had deli meat that was clearly bottom of the line and not very generous. The "steak" (if you an call it that) was greyish instead of brown and looked like it was a processed meat chopped into pieces. No flavor or seasoning and the texture was reminiscent of spam. It was so bad that I only ate 1/4 of it and tossed the rest. . . I have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed. I thought I would give them another try since I'd never ordered a Sicilian pizza from there. What a mistake. I will never order from them again!
4 ||| Having certain businesses with skill sets in your local neighborhood is important.  I try to keep it as local as possible, so when I heard about a tailor in Carnegie I was intrigued.  The building is in a strip mall across from Carnegie Coffee Company.  Unassuming, looks like it is closed all the time, until you do a drive by and see the hours posted.  There is a Latino man in his 20's working when you arrive.  In my mind, I imagine a tailor to be older, kind of like my grandfather maybe with measuring tape around his neck (Textbook movie tailor), so I was a bit trepidatious about dropping off my clothing.  He asks you to go change into a closet (Yes, a closet to change in with one lightbulb) BUT all my worries aside, the moment he started working on my items I knew he was the real deal. He learned from his father at the age of 14 how to sew. and he does things the correct way.  Meaning, for example-  I took in a pair of khakis all the way down to the cuff, but he seamed them up to look EXACTLY the way they were when I first bought them.  Most placed will have bulges and puckers.  The rest of my items were just as perfect.  Very inexpensive at $10 for a pair of pants to adjust the hem.  The items were done in a timely manner.  He takes his business very seriously.  While I was there, I watched a lady rush in and demand 6 shirts to be altered in an hour, and he did it and charged the same price.  Really nice guy, please go and support this business to keep him around town!
5 ||| New to area and decided to pay this shop a visit! It was definitely the best experience I've ever had with a tailor. He is MUCH cheaper than the other shops, he charges 10 while others charge $15, and he goes above and beyond for what he charges.. . I dropped off 4 jeans, and he hemmed and tapered the jeans! I couldn't even tell the difference between the store bought jeans and the quality of his work. It was absolutely perfect, no bulges or puckers! They the match the exact stitch as the factory. . . Absolutely a great guy, they were all done and waiting for me as promised! I'll definitely be taking all of my business to this place, and would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a personal tailor who actually cares about his work and building an honest business.
5 ||| This is the best alteration place I have been to. The guy that owns it is extremely helpful and works FAST. Also, the prices are so reasonable I wonder how he stays in business. He was able to do an alteration on short notice and was very acommodating. The alteration I needed done--and fast--was right in the middle of prom season. All the other places I called gave me a several week wait, but he took me right away. I will be back!
5 ||| I just needed a broken zipper replaced on my favorite Penguins fleece jacket and a pair of suit pants hemmed.  The price was very reasonable and the work done was great.  I will go back for all my tailoring needs and highly recommend if you need any done.
3 ||| Are you are really looking at the review for LJS?  Its fried stuff, with extra fried stuff in a cardboard boat.  You will regret eating it 30 minutes after you finish, but it is delicious.
3 ||| I agree with Paul on this one. But I had to stop here on my way home from work tonight. . (I think I feel my heart yelling at me again) , The gal at the drive thru window was just soooo sweet , I just might go back and ask her to marry me! . But then again , she gave me a slip with a survey on it to fill out online. . Maybe she just wanted my positive response. Ok Sarah B. you got it ... now where's my free coke ?
1 ||| By far the worst most unprofessional dentist I have ever experienced her staff is too busy watching soap operas on all the TVs in each room instead of cleaning and she gave me a filling which was too deep which could have been understandable as her son had his pictures delivered from Hawaii and she had to stop 3 times to pay for them and show her whole staff all of them must be nice to have a 14 year old go to Hawaii on her moms dime and have her patience wait to see all of this happen I had to have oral surgery and have the tooth removed because she put the filling in too deep an abscessed tooth was the result I wouldn't recommend her to an ex girlfriend or someone I hate because of the three months of extreme tooth pain I had to deal with because of her lack of care and follow through even after I called and asked them for advice and follow up they simply could care less and did not even offer to reschedule an appointment other than prescribing me vicodin and antibiotics do not recommend and do not go to her license should be pulled!!
4 ||| When I moved to the area, Dr. Weinberg was recommended to me by my cousin who had been a client for years. I've had nothing but positive experiences with her and her staff since seeing her two years ago. The team is professional, nice and courteous. I recently had to reschedule an appointment due to a last minute work thing and they were very accommodating. My daughter looks forward to coming to the dentist so that's saying something. I DO wish they would turn off FOX news in the lobby as I'd rather watch paint dry but... nobody's perfect.
1 ||| In all fairness - I did not see this dentist but did schedule an appointment and waited 15 minutes for them to open.. . When I look at Yelp reviews, I usually weed out the outliers (the best and the worst).   Unfortunately, there are only two reviews.. . It was my first time at the office.   The office admin (very nice) asked for me to come early (before 9am) to complete paperwork.   I arrived at 8:50.    I waited.   I watched 2 employees walk by me (unlocked the door and re-locked it).    They did not acknowledge me.. . The door I was at had signage (open hours).    I decided to leave because of a review where the staff seemed distracted or disinterested in my presence.. . The office admin (very nice) called me to inform I am missing my appointment.   I explained to her that there were too many indications where this was not going to be a good fit and wished her the best of luck.. . I recommend if you see this dentist you go to the front door (furthest away from the parking lot) for the entrance.. . Poor recommendation because the staff who walked by me seemed to be distracted which was pointed out in a previous review.
5 ||| This is by far the best dentist I have ever been to.  She is honest and never trys to sell you a bunch a stuff that you dont need. We are very great full that we discovered her. We adjust our vacations to make sure that we stop in to her office in Pennsylvania at least once a year for cleaning and check ups, worth the drive from Florida.
3 ||| Don Don is a restaurant I find myself missing now and again, it's probably my favorite restaurant in Carnegie. Simple setup, just a small restaurant with a few tables and a TV. Oddly enough I think my favorite thing to eat there is the wonton soup, never had better. The food is average but I always enjoyed eating there, great service and a cheap place to get Chinese food.
1 ||| Take it from me; avoid this place at all cost.  The only time I go is when I am starved and don't have the energy to cook or get edible food.  And then after I have been kicking myself.
2 ||| Far away from real Chinese food. Doesn't even taste good as American style Chinese food.
2 ||| I used to order takeout here once every month or so. The food tastes average and the price is good. It's your typical low-end Chinese place. . . The last (and final) time I ordered here I just so happened to be picking up my order while a health inspector from allegheny county health department was making his rounds. While I was waiting on my food (which took much longer than usual) the inspector was pointing out violations. He also requested a copy of a certificate that the man behind the register was unable to produce. The inspector looked at me like I was crazy for waiting on my food despite the obvious poor conditions.  . . As for the rest of the place - it's always been kind of dirty inside. The carpets are just FILTHY and the walls match. There are always children's toys scattered about the floor because the owners children are always there, so be careful not to trip. . . The workers do seem like nice people just trying to make a living but when it comes to cleanliness Don Don is lacking.
3 ||| I came here with two friends prior to visiting Apis Meadery next door this past weekend.  I ordered the General Tso's chicken, and my friends ordered the sesame chicken, crab rangoon, and another appetizer (egg rolls?).  They ordered the combo with less meat, and I ordered the one with more--the names were very similar, which I found confusing. The food took quite a while to come up (~15 min.), so I'd suggest calling ahead if you're in a rush.  While we were waiting, the woman behind the counter yelled at someone over the phone in Chinese, and then at a guy who came in to pick up food for delivery (probably the same person).. . To be honest, I'm not much of a fan of Americanized Chinese cuisine (I lived in Singapore for 3 mos. and have visited Hong King and Japan); it's been awhile since I've had it, and this dish reminded me why.  I don't care for the overbearing sweetness and thickness of the sauce, nor do I care for the pre-cut meat in the dishes (I like to cut up my own meat, thank you very much), so the flavors and textures don't do much for me.  Having said that, my friends claimed this was the best Americanized Chinese fare they'd had in PGH (and they live in Squirrel Hill!), so if you're a fan of this cuisine, you can take that into consideration.. . If nothing else, this meal provided us with some much-needed food to absorb the alcohol from the mead, which I appreciated.
1 ||| All I can say is the worst! We were the only 2 people in the place for lunch, the place was freezing and loaded with kids toys! 2 bicycles, a scooter, and an electronic keyboard graced the dining room. A fish tank with filthy, slimy fingerprints smeared all over it is there for your enjoyment.. . Our food came... no water to drink, no tea, medium temperature food. Of course its cold, just like the room, I never took my jacket off! The plates are too small, you food spills over onto some semi-clean tables as you sit in your completely worn out booth seat. The fried noodles were out of a box and nasty, the shrimp was mushy, the fried rice was bright yellow.. . We asked for water, they brought us 1 in a SOLO cup for 2 people. I asked for hot tea, they said 10 minutes. What Chinese restaurant does not have hot tea available upon request?. . Over all.... my first and last visit to this place. The only good point was that it was cheap, and deservingly so.
1 ||| We went on a weeknight.  Place was not busy waited over 20 minutes for drinks and to have our order taken.  We ordered an app and it came out with the meals and that was another 20 minutes or so.  Food was luke warm at best.  I would not go back.
4 ||| Went for breakfast on 6/16/14. We received very good service and meal came within a few minutes.Waitress could have smiled more but was friendly. . I had a Grand Slam... it was more than enough food. . Meal was very tasty... We will definitely go back. . It is a popular Denny's.
5 ||| I love their stakes and i come here every week just to get the t bone steak, it is completely delicious! . . Great atmosphere, there is always a lot people and the waiters are nice; food portion is great as well!
5 ||| Perfect time with hubby, after work which is 4 am and you can still have a hot nice meal, waitress was such an adorable girl. Her arm was broken or smth but she still dis a great job!. Strawberry lemonade was just smth i have been craving for for so long but did not know what it was :) . Strawberry milkshake, nachos and t bone steak is smth we never stop ordering!. Its always nice when u go late at night like us, it is not crowded, not noisy, nice music playing and always nice people around. . If you want smth quick and it is late at night then i would say Denny's!
4 ||| I belong to this gym...  I live in the South section of Pittsburgh, and I find that this gym is not too far from me.  The staff is friendly, the equipment is quite good.  You get two free personal training sessions when you join.  They have lots of weights (which my boyfriend uses) and a decent cardio room.  The only thing I would say is to increase some of the cardio equipment.  Water is only $1 a bottle!
2 ||| I bought a three month membership last year, mainly to attend the Silver Sneakers classes. I was in my early sixties and hadn't exercised in a while. I tried the evening classes but they were very crowded and difficult, so I tried a morning class for seniors. I like to stretch out before my class actually starts, so I went to the tail end of a yoga class. The women in this class were very nasty to me and told me that I wasn't welcome to stretch out in their class. I never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members. I didn't feel welcome here. I complained to the manager, who said that I was welcome to stretch out in whatever class I wanted to, but the hostility of these yoga students was very evident. Do they think that this is their private gym?
4 ||| I really like this gym. It is nice neighborhood gym and unlike big gyms they don't have big contracts and they have flexible memberships. Great selection of classes. All the instructors are very good knowledgable and motivating. All the staff working there are super nice. Their selection of the equipment is good too !!
5 ||| I brought my husband and my parents all to Papa J's last time my husband and I were in Pittsburgh. My parents are really picky about their italian food, usually they drive places in east bumf*@ (tarentum, ligonier...) to get their capital I-talian.. . My pop is kinda grumbly, and getting him to try something new is like pulling teeth. The only reason I got him here was becuase they were on their way to drop us at the airport.. . Well, my dad goes back now regularly and that says a lot, considering he lives in Murrysville. . . The first good sign Dad was happy was that he seemed impressed when it was open- it was noon a few days after Christmas. Second good sign was that Dad ordered wine, at it was only 1 pm. Dad, while not a teetotaler, rarely has a drink before 5 pm so I know he was anticipating a good meal. The kicker was that he was so happy he left our waitress a $20 tip on a $50 meal. . . Can I say, I live in Texas now and I still relive this afternoon back in December? I had chicken picatta...it was perfect. My dad had eggplant rollatini, my mom had a pizza, and my hubby had basic pasta and marinara. It all was amazing, delicous, and inexpensive. In Austin, you can't get a decent italian meal, much less a decent italian meal for under $50 for four people.. . I know there are so many good Italian places in Pittsburgh but I just think back so fondly on this day...when me Dad liked someplace I took him :)
5 ||| Papa J's is by far my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, my hometown.  I eat there almost every time I visit, and everything I've ever ordered has been fantastic.  Fresh ingredients, simple preparation, reasonable prices.  Also, they make the best pizza in town HANDS DOWN.
5 ||| This place has been a favorite for 20 years since we returned from a trip to Italy having several weeks of fabulous fresh food, and couldn't think of any place we wanted to eat. Papa J's measures up to our expectations with great salads, bead and wine. I'm partial to the eggplant rollatini and my husband likes samplers, ravioli, fish, white pizza. I like the space with exposed brick walls-there are knowledgeable servers. Sometimes it is a bit loud- more noticable when it is empty with a large table nearby. But don't get the wrong impression -it's a great place-consistantly great food.
5 ||| Great, authentic, classic Italian restaurant in one of the most unlikely places. . . I grew up eating here and make a visit nearly every time I come to town.. . Try the fried calamari "Roman Style" for a little kick!
3 ||| I've been to Papa J's twice and had mixed experiences.. . Both times I had the banana pepper appetizer, which is great and goes really well with the FRESH and delicious bread and cheese they give you at the start of your meal.. . For entrees, me and my girlfriend have had mixed experience.  I've had the fish sandwich (very good) and the eggplant parm sandwich (okay).  My girlfriend got the salad with bread and basil on it, but the basil was over powering and the bread was soggy with the dressing. . . The service is also a mixed bag.  The first time our server went out of her way to take care of us and even MADE me cocktail sauce for my fish sandwich.  The second time, the server was lackluster, didn't know anything about the menu and wasn't able to take proper care of us.  . . I would return to Papa J's, but I my terrible experience last time isn't enough to say it would be my first pick of places to eat around Carnegie/Robinson.
5 ||| What a wonderful surprise found in Carnegie PA, just south of Pittsburgh.  I was in town on business with a couple co-workers and after having a not so great meal the night before, we asked one of the locals for a recomendation.  They told us to try this little Italian place called Papa J's and boy did they send us to a great place.. . First off, when you walk up to the place, the front and side windows give you a fantastic open view into the kitchen from the outside.  You can stand outside and watch the chef making all the wonderful food and you can smell the fresh bread before you even walk in the door.. . I am not sure how long this place has been around but the kitchen looked well used, while the dining area as well as the bar looked very clean and modern, almost as if it had been freshly updated.  . . The server was quick to welcome us and suggested several different items off the menu as his favorites when asked.  The three of us were very hungry and wanting to try a few different things, so we began with a Margherita pizza which was absolutely perfect.  They obviously make their own breads and dough for the pizza and I don't think this pizza could have tasted any better.  Then came bowls of Italian wedding soup which was pretty good.  Of everything there, this was the one item I probably could have done without.  Not that it was bad, but there was nothing particularly special about it.  . . We also ordered the Garlic Rolls (not that the bread they already give you and the pizza was not enough carbs for 1 meal) and they were to die for.  Crunchy on the outside and warm and chewy inside, these things were a meal by themselves.  One of the guys with me said the pizza sauce would be good on them so he ordered a cup of the pizza sauce (which is fresh made there, not out of some can) and he was right.  As if these little killer bread balls with garlic were not good enough, dipped in the pizza sauce they were even that much better.  . . By the time our meals came, we were all pretty full, but we pushed on and continued to eat.  I had the Veal Parmigiano which was tender and very good.  It came with a side of pasta which I tasted just to try and it was excelent as well.  Had I not been eating a weeks worth of carbs in one sitting with all the pre-meal stuff, I certainly would have finished it.  As it was, I ate most but not all of the generous portion of veal.  . . One of my co-workers had the Chicken Picatta which he said was one of the best he had ever had and the other guy tried a pasta dish which he said was very good as well.  . . They had a great wine selection as well at reasonable prices by the glass or bottle.. . Overall a fantastic experience with great food and atmosphere.  I don't really know how expensive the area is for food, but coming from the Chicagoland area, I fouknd this place to be pretty reasonable.  The three of us ate very very well for an average of aproximately $30 each not including alcahol.  Fantastic fresh food at a reasonable price, who could ask for more.. . My only complaint is that I had to return to Chicago and I am now craving to return to Papa J's.  I hope work sends me out here again sometime soon!!!
4 ||| Yay, I'm a fan but sometimes service is a little slow, it was very good for us this visit.  Go to Papa j's every once in a while but mostly for the White Pizza.  It is the best white pizza I have ever had.  Order the white pizza on our visit this  weekend... it has garlic, spinach, feta cheese and we usually add some veggie on top.  It was delicious!  Order fried calamari and it was OK...note to self next time try the calamari roman style.. . Like the dinning room with the hardwood floors and bright lighting.  . . The bar was jumping thou never go to the bar.
1 ||| Terrible service.  Food unremarkable.  Waiter disappeared for 45 minutes to serve larger group due to staffing mismanagement.  Saved his tip by discounting meal after I complained.  All and all, a very crude and unpleasant dining experience for me and my guests.  Not to be repeated, never again!
4 ||| Yay, I'm a fan of the white pizza.  Had take out.  . . The bar was jumping when I picked up our order.. . The white pizza is so delicious...with garlic, spinach, feta, and added some veggies.  Tried the Roman Style calamari, very good better than the fried calamari we had last time.
4 ||| We met our good friends from Morgantown here for lunch today and were really impressed with the place itself and the menu. . . I had read a few of the reviews ahead of time and the pizza was mentioned more than once so by the time we got there, I was jonesing for it. . . It certainly delivered. The crust was great, the sauce wast too sweet and the toppings were sufficient. . . Our friend for the baby clams with oil and garlic over angel hair and let me try a bit - as good as the pizza was, this was _much_ better. . . We'll return again to this beautifully lit gem in Carnegie PA soon!
4 ||| OK, its Friday night and have about 70 minutes to eat. Driving by Papa J's and W says, lets stop in and get a quick dinner. . . Advice host that we are in a hurry.  The host advised us it is a 90 minute service. The place was crowded, we were seated at the last open table. However our waiter, Jason, said he will do his best to get as out on time. We ordered our dinner immediately, with a salad and a glass of wine. In a few minutes we had our wine, then in a few more seconds we had our salads and some great homemade Italian bread with some olive oil and balsamic ving. for dipping.  Yum!. . Just as we were finishing our salads our dinners were delivered. Great job Jason! The Fettuccine Carbanara was very good; a thick cream sauce with bacon and ricotta.  In and out in 60 minutes.  Now that is some good service.
4 ||| Great little gem! The food was fantastic was very food and just the right price. The Italian food was amazing, but you can not leave without a dessert and be prepared for giant serving. I had the carrot cake yummy!! Def a place everyone should try.
2 ||| I have to say that I write this review with much regret, because I have always loved PaPa J's. But my recent experience there has changed my mind a bit. . . From the minute we were seated, we were greeted by a server that was clearly inexperienced and didn't know the menu. As I said before, I've been to PaPa J's a good handful of times so I know the menu decently well, but the server couldn't explain any of the questions I had about a couple new dishes I was thinking about trying. I swear this guy must have just looked at the menu for the first time a few minutes ago.. . But it wasn't just the knowledge of the menu. It was one thing after another with our server. My wife asked for a glass of water 4 times until she finally got it (at which point the meal was over, so we didn't care at that point).  I mean come on, for a restaurant of this calibre and price is it too much to ask for a glass of water? There was no one filling up water.. . My biggest complaint, however, is what happened with our meals. My dad and I both ordered the trout special (trout with roasted red peppers and lump crabmeat). Instead, the meal that was delivered to both of us was trout with a heaping pile of spinach and mushrooms. Not what the special was at all.  And by the way, that item is on the menu as a regular item so whether or not the mistake was made by the server (which, we are sure it was) or the chef, who knows for certain. Not to mention, though, that a good server wouldn't have served us that regardless. . . But before you think we had an unusal experience that was all due to a poor server, let me continue. When we informed our server of the mistake, he didn't really believe us until he checked his order sheet, and then he blamed the error on the chef. At this point, the meal had been sitting (because it took us forever to flag this guy down again) so the trout was basically cold. The server then said he would have the meals re-made. So, he took the meals back to the kitchen. Meanwhile, of course, my wife and mom are eating their meals and my dad and I are sitting there with no meals. Also keep in mind that my wife still had not gotten the water she had been asking for, and my iced tea had been refilled with a soda (yes, believe that or not). All the kitchen did was scrape their "mistake" off of our fish! They didn't remake anything. Our fish was served to us again with little pieces of spinach and mushrooms sticking all over it. Quite frankly, the fish wasn't good at all. I honestly would have rather had a fish sandwich from McDonald's that night. The server never did anything to try to make our experience better - he knew we weren't happy, but never offered anything such as dessert on the house. I'm not looking for a handout, but our experience was just plain awful that night. The guy never really even apologized for the mistake. Normally, I may have asked for a manager, but at this point I was ready to just get out of there (plus, we had to be somewhere else that night).. . My opinion... for the money, there are many other restaurants I would rather eat at.
4 ||| This is a regular go-to for me. I love the food and the service. They always have the wine that I like and the food is always delicious. I suggest trying the flourless chocolate cake in the front of the store (in the section where you can buy stuff to take home). It is sublime and makes you want to go to a special cozy corner just to eat it and revel in its velvety loveliness.
4 ||| I thought the interiors were very nice.  We stopped here on a Friday night & I was glad they weren't busy because nothing else in the area looked appetizing.  . . My daughter & I split a chicken parm sandwich, which was really good. Instead of it being served on a hoagie, it was served on thin bread- like focaccia or something.  It was pretty good- little messy.. . The desserts looked amazing.  I thought it was pretty cool how you can watch the cooks prepare the food from outside.  The kitchen is situated on a corner with lots of windows.. . I would return.
4 ||| san francisco california visitor liked the food and the local is great. I am thinking about relocating to pttsbrgh area. I liked Carnegie because u can stroll down Main street and hit a couple places for lunch. I imagine this place would be crazy busy on friday or saturday night. we ate a lunchtime and it was nice.
2 ||| Coming here you get the feeling they haven't changed much.  The tables, the decorations, the menu.  All the same.  Does that make you a little worried?  Yes.. . I ordered the mushroom ravioli and it was... oily.  Very very oily.  The actual ravioli was okay, enough mushrooms.  but it was oily.  Did I mention that?  . . Ambiance, like I said, left much to be desired.  I don't think I'd have this place on my list of "musts" for downtown.  Much better restaurants to visit!
3 ||| Had dinner at Papa J's with a group of 6.  I loved how the restaurant is in a old brick building with large windows. It felt like a neighborhood restaurant. On a Saturday night, the restaurant was full but not crowded.  We were seated in a room with poor acoustics.  It was difficult to hear people at our table and the waitress.  While she tried, I can see the asperation in her face when she had to repeat the specials to both sides of the table.. . People ordered bourbon on the rocks before dinner which seemed watered down, while my lemon drop was made nice.  The bread was delicious!  Can you describe it to be creamy?  The fried zucchini was lightly breaded and not too oily.  It was a large portion made up of 2 sliced zucchinis.. . We ordered a variety of dishes.  The pasta dish was dry with more pasta than sauce or meat.  Those who ordered the fish special thought it was delicious.  The shrimp dish was enjoyed as well.  I had the chicken marsala which was pretty good.  The marsala sauce wasn't too thick, and the chicken moist.. . Hard to tell if the deserts were "homemade."  The tiramisu and spumoni were small in portion and meant for one. . . On the whole, I was on the fence with my overall impression of Papa J's.  "A-ok" probably is the best way to describe it.
2 ||| Service in this place is poor because of lack of acknowledgment since people working there are "just" working . They have nice decor,nice bar and good bread. Consider where this place is ,the prices are really really high . Nothing is served on the side with main dishes ....
1 ||| Terrible service...terrible food...this place smells like rotten wet wood
4 ||| Great place for dinner, drinks or a small celebration.. . Papa J's is one of my favorite go to places for dinner when we don't have reservations and want a nice dinner out. My husband and I have eatten here upwards of 20 times over the last few years and have never been disappointed. I assumed that when they opened the alternate bar with lounge area and extra tables for dining on the other side of the resturant that  the overall vibe of the restaurant would change and it would be very busy. I have been proved wrong.  We are always able to walk in on a weekend and get a table within a few minutes. Unfortunately, the alternate bar/lounge area isn't always open. I really don't understand why more people don't go here. . My favorites are the fried zucchini, wedding soup and pizza.The zucchini is always crispy and seasoned well. The wedding soup has big chunks of carrots and celery. My husband also enjoys the pork entrees especially the grilled pork and the pastas including the tomato cream sauce. Also, their homemade italian bread with oil and vinegar to dip is a great way to wet your appetite. Make sure to add the parmesan cheese that they put on the table. . . Also, if you are looking for a good place to host a birthday party or event, consider Papa Js. They have a great catering menu and are easily able to accomodate larger parties. We had our rehersal dinner for our wedding here and everyone loved the food.
4 ||| Very good restaurant with very good food at a pretty reasonable price.  We had a birthday dinner here with seven girlfriends. The waitress was very efficient , but not very friendly. Our orders came out hot and excellently prepared!  Try the tilapia milanese , it's excellent. Best steamed broccoli Iv'e ever had.
4 ||| I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.  Came here with no expectations.  . . I was greeted by a large open (garage style) window, that opened the whole lounge bar area to the street.  It had modern furnishings and the staff were quite friendly.. . Ordered the quattro formaggi pizza.  Quite good!!!  Great balance of cheeses.  Not too rich at all.  Crust was excellent too.  Can't wait to come back.
4 ||| Just to start off, we were a party of 12, which is always a little difficult.  We were celebrating 2 birthdays.. . We LOVED the food, it was delicious. My husband got a chicken parm sandwich, which is served on a yummy flat bread, and I got the chicken basil pizza ( i got an 8 cut and several ppl tried it) we all LOVED it! It was stunning.  It was made with a very delicious crust, nice and crisp, not soggy (like pesto pizza can get). . The one waitress we had JASMINE, was fantastic!  She was bright, friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  She took extra time with the older ladies in our group to help them with their selections... . . Now... the other waitress.. Mary something was so incompetent...  She was awful and rude.  She missed 2 people on that side of the table failed to take their order and when we said something she said 'well they didn't speak up!' Ugh.  Then when it was time to sing and cut the cake, my sister in law said 'oh hey can you get the cake so we can sing?'  She came back, cut the cake (all crazy with some huge pieces and some super small pieces like she never in her life cut a sheet cake) and we didn't even sing!  We were mad!!. . The place is so pretty, they have a new addition that was just built within the last 2 years (according to my father in law) and its really nice.  They look to have a cool bar area with some modern couches and a really sweet look.   . . So good food, great looking place.. one bad waitress. Prices are about middle of the road for an authentic Italian place, nothing crazy.  All in all, we'd like to go back again, but we want Jasmine!
4 ||| I am amazed that people can write negative reviews about Papa J's.   I have been a return customer since the early 90's and the food quality, and service, are way above average......and especially for this price range.. . Kudos to management for maintaining such a level of quality and freshness.   Nothing we had tonight was disappointing, and we over-ordered because each dish was delectable.. . The best item tonight was the Mozzarella appetizer "cradled" in Bread with an authentic marinara.. . The white pizza with sun-dried tomatoes was, as usual, out of this world good.   The scallops special appetizer was phenomenal.. . WE WILL BE BACK.
4 ||| The menu has lots of choices and the food is great! The Resturante has been expanded so it's pretty large. The new section has door that they leave open during nice weather which makes for a nice ambience! The bread is great and fresh baked daily!
1 ||| I have been to this restaurant twice and was disappointed both times. I won't go back. The first time we were there almost 3 hours. It took forever to order and then forever for our food to come and the place was empty. When I complained the manager was very rude and tried to blame us for taking to long to order. It made no sense, how could we order when the waitress wasn't coming to the table? After arguing with me he ended up taking $6 off of our $200+ bill. Ridiculous. If it were up to me I would have never returned. Unfortunately my family decided to go here again tonight. Again it took a long time to get our food. My food was cold and bland, my kids food was cold. My husbands salmon was burnt to a crisp and my sister in law took one bite of her trout and refused to eat any more because she claims it was so disgusting. The wedding soup and bread were good, but that's it! My drink sat empty throughout my meal and never got refilled even when I asked. Bad food, slow service and rude managers. I'll pass on this place if my family decides to go again. Not worth it at all with all the other good Italian options around.
3 ||| Service was great. Apps delish, specifically the stuffed banana peppers & lentil with ham soup. I think I chose the wrong entree though because I ordered a cod with crabmeat special. The cod was completely tasteless with some crabmeat layed across the top. It all reminded me of boiled fish. Yuck! Note to self. Order the pasta!
5 ||| I love this place! The food is always so fresh and delicious. The staff is always friendly, as well.
4 ||| spinach/feta cheese salad:  B-. pesto alfredo penne :  :A+. Coconut Cake huge piece:  A+. bread small portions:  B. Service B . host seemed grumpy, waitress good, but then she got busy .. PRICE: Pasta was $15 and the portion smallish more like a $12.99 dish . ARRIVE EARLY ON SATURDAY NIGHT THIS PLACE PACKED after 6pm
1 ||| We stopped at Papa J's last Friday night (8/1) for a round of drinks. There were 7 of us altogether and we had eaten at another restaurant earlier in the evening.  One member of our party walked up to the bar to let them know we were sitting on the couches along the wall, as it was fairly busy that night. In the short time that he was there, a man who was behind the bar looked at him and then turn away without saying a word or notifying anyone else. He then turned to a waitress who had approached the service area of the bar and asked her if  we could have a server take our drink order. She said "yep" and then abruptly turned and walked away. At that point, he asked to see the manager  who came a few minutes later. When my friend told him of what had occurred, the manager said "What do you want me to do"?. . My friend said "An apology would be a good start" whereupon the manager looked back at him and said "Get out and don't come back" ???????? Are you kidding????. . My friend is well traveled and frequently stays at higher end hotels and dines at quality restaurants. He was not screaming or belligerent in any way, shape, or form; simply informing the manager of what had occurred. . . That being said, we left and went back to 131 East, where we had previously eaten. The service there was fabulous, as was the meal and the drinks creative and exquisite.. . There are new restaurants that have opened in Carnegie as of late. Papa J's is no longer the only game in town.  Obviously this is the way a simple complaint is handled by management. Appalling!!  Do yourself a favor and frequent any of the other restaurants that are within walking distance of Papa J's. They understand the concept of  customer service.
5 ||| Finally, great Tuscan-style Italian food in Pittsburgh, not that tasteless stuff that locals think is Italian.. . The bread was warm and fresh. The bolognese sauce was creamy and rich, and unlike most restaurants was made with veal. I love the fresh smell of baking bread throughout the restaurant.. . I'm looking forward to working my way through the menu of chicken options, and next time, I'm saving room for dessert! The display of cakes and pastries at the door was amazing.
2 ||| Man has this place gone down hill.  My husband and I went a couple of weeks ago.  We had salads and pasta.  Both were on the verge of inedible.  With a single glass of wine, I felt downright robbed at the $50 price tag.  Seriously, I could have easily made what we had with jarred sauce and boxed pasta at home. Classico is better.  And the service was pretty absent to make it even worse... seemed she knew it was terrible and didn't want to deal with it.  Seriously, I'd rather eat at the OG.
1 ||| Food was NOT GOOD at all! My husband & I ate here a couple weeks ago for the first time. I ordered a salad & basil pesto cream pasta & my husband ordered the spinach & feta pasta. The salad was just a huge plate of spring mix (nothing else in it) with WAY to much vinegar dressing. My lettuce was drowning in the vinegar. My pesto pasta had no flavor (did not taste like a cream sauce to me) & the pesto was so runny/watery & way too much sauce not enough noodles. My husband's pasta had even less flavor than mine. We ate about a quarter of the food & couldn't even finish it. We took it home & it was so bad I didn't even eat my leftovers. And I hate wasting food!! Plus the prices are expensive for the amount of food you get & of course the poor quality. Don't waste your time eating here. There are much better Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
3 ||| Talk about overpriced. $18 for a fairly basic pasta with some obviously frozen chicken chopped up over it. The latter was terrible, thin and flabby and rather unappealing. The pasta itself was ok, as was the sauce. The desserts are pretty good. But honestly, that is a $10 dish whose price has been inflated.
3 ||| I'm up in the air about how I feel regarding Emmert Dental. Being that it is located in Market Square can be both a good or bad thing. Parking is scarce not to mention you have to pay for it yet you have great restaurants and coffee places around you. The office itself is old and raggedy looking but the staff are young and hip. I think possibly a little too young and hip. My dentist knew what she was doing but I didn't adore her. I'm still working out my bill because they charged me too much on my copay and don't really seem to have all their info. together. After a cleaning and fillings, I think I'm going to look for somewhere else to get my future dental work done...
1 ||| THE WORST DENTAL EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.  THEY ARE BUTCHERS!  My husband and I went to Emmert Dental in Bethel Park for a routine cleaning and check up.  I had one tooth that I had a recent root canal on and a few small cavities that needed filled.  After the so called dentist - Dr Carnavali - did my exam, I needed 3 additional root canals and an extraction! An extraction on the tooth that just had a root canal. I was told that part of the tooth had broken off and that a crown was no longer possible.  I didn't know any better, so I agreed to schedule the extraction for a few weeks later. The "dentist" wanted to extract it that day, but I had plans for the weekend and was not about to be in pain. So, 2 weeks later, I went in for the extraction.  After they gave me novocaine they get me with "you need a bone graft also in that area since we are extracting that tooth". I have never had any issues with bone loss with previous extractions so I didn't feel it was necessary. I had 3 employees surrounding me, pressuring me for this bone graft. So, I reluctantly agreed. I had to pay $259.00 for this "bone graft". So, I signed everything. I wasn't even given enough time to read the document, so I should have known and got up and left right then and there. The "dentist" started the extraction. I have never been so uncomfortable in my life. He pulled on my tooth, used a metal instrument to pound on my tooth and was pulling so hard that my head was coming up and slamming back down against the head rest.  Finally, after a good 15 minutes of this torture, he ripped the tooth out of the side of my jaw. I was literally ganging from all the blood running down the back of my throat. He then stuck some pink powder up in the extraction area. I'm assuming this was the bone graft.  I ended up with many stitches. I was given an antibiotic and instructed to schedule an appointment for the following Saturday so they could start the bridge. Then I was hit with a bill of $569.00! My insurance covers 100% of extractions.  I was in so much pain for 2 weeks following the extraction. Pain severe enough that I had to call off work and I couldn't sleep at night.  I refused to go back to Emmert Dental.  And after a visit to a very reputable dentist, an endodontist and an oral surgeon, I have to have oral surgery to try and repair the damage Emmert Dental has done to my mouth.  They caused a very large deformity in my jaw and I am at risk to lose additional teeth.  Save yourself a lot of time, money and pain.  Emmert dental only cares about the money, will over charge you and leave you less than happy with the dental work.  They are butchers and should not even call themselves dentist. And if you have an issue with their billing practices, don't expect to that resolved easily.  I have called numerous times and I am always told that the manager and or billing department is not in.  I have contacted the BBB and a lawyer.  I expect and want a full refund.  No one should have to go thru what I am currently going thru.  They do unnecessary extractions so they can do a more expensive procedure such as a bridge or an implant.  Now I have to go thru oral surgery, more pain and suffering and more time missed from work because of Emmert Dental.  And the root canals they said I needed, my current dentist and my endodontist both agreed that I do not need tooth canals.  In fact, the teeth are perfectly healthy.  They are crooks and butchers.
1 ||| The worst dental office I ever been. No one can beat it!!! You should avoid it at any time.
1 ||| My expectations for McDonalds are t rarely high. But for one to still fail so spectacularly...that takes something special!. The cashier took my friends's order, then promptly ignored me. I had to force myself in front of a cashier who opened his register to wait on the person BEHIND me. I waited over five minutes for a gigantic order that included precisely one kid's meal. After watching two people who ordered after me be handed their food, I asked where mine was. The manager started yelling at the cashiers for "serving off their orders" when they didn't have their food. But neither cashier was anywhere near those controls, and the manager was the one serving food to customers and clearing the boards.. The manager was rude when giving me my order. She didn't make sure that I had everything ON MY RECEIPT, and never even had the decency to apologize that I felt I was getting poor service.. I've eaten at various McDonalds restaurants for over 30 years. I've worked at more than one location. I expect bad days, bad moods, and the occasional mistake. But I have yet to have a decent experience at this store. It will remain a place I avoid unless someone in my party needs to avoid illness from low blood sugar. Perhaps I should go back to the racially biased service of Steak n Shake instead!
1 ||| I've tried to give this McDonalds a chance but my patience has run out. The only reason why I came here as much as I did is because I like the $1 iced coffees. But it's not even worth it. This McDonalds is poo and so is most of the staff. . . Whenever I want to go through the drive-thru I can't because there is a line of cars wrapped half away around the building. And even when the line is shorter there's always a hold up of some sort. So most of the time I just park and go inside the restaurant. . . Today was a horrible day. I ordered an iced coffee (no cream or sugar) and a chocolate chip cookie. It only takes 30 seconds to fill a cup with coffee and 30 seconds to take a cookie out of the case. I waited 10 minutes!! Sorry but that's too long just to get a coffee and a cookie! It's not like I ordered a meal! During that time I saw people come in after me and get their milkshakes and iced coffees within two minutes! WTH?! I told the petite sleepy eyed cashier I wanted my money back! Her eyes opened wide in surprise, like I really woke her up or something. She said,"Youre the one who ordered the iced coffee? I can get it for you!" For real? She was the one who took my order! I told her I waited too long and I just want my money back. The manager offered to make my iced coffee, but  I refused because I had just had enough.. . There are *few* employees there who work hard but everyone else is dragging their feet. There is no organization or teamwork, everyone is scrabbling. It looks like none of them want to be there. I used to work in fast food and I know it sucks, but come on!. . I'm sorry but I can't recommend this Mcdonalds. It's poo. I'm not coming back here anymore. Guess I'll be going to Starbucks- and their iced coffees taste better anyway!
1 ||| We had the worst possible experience at the Eat N Park at Waterfront on 2/12/10 at around 10pm. Our waitress (Annemarie) was inattentive and got us the wrong order. We ended up with a dish we had not even ordered and still got charged for it on the check. . . One of my friends ordered a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, which according to the menu description, should've had lettuce and tomato in it. But the sandwich that arrived on our table had none of those ingredients. When pointed out to the waitress, she just brought some lettuce and tomatoes in a plate! How crude! . . Spoke to the manager after paying the full check and first of all, she did not even offer to re-imburse for the item we did not even order, and that had been forcibly thrust upon us. . . When I asked the manager about the Buffalo Chicken sandwich not having any lettuce and tomato, she said they just got new menus and that description is not correct and that Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is supposed to be without lettuce and tomato! What a lame excuse! Even your online menu says under the description for a Buffalo Chicken sandwich that its supposed to have both those ingredients - "Served with lettuce and tomato on a fresh-baked Kaiser roll." - That's what the last line in the description of Buffalo Chicken Sandwich says. Shame on you Manager for lying! Instead of admitting her fault, she was blaming it to a new menu!. . Not only did we have to pay for something that we didn't order or eat, but we got sub-standard food that was different from what was described in the menu, and had to deal with a really bad waitress and insensitive and deceitful manager to top off the whole experience. . . I am never going to come back to any Eat N Park location ever again, and will never recommend one to any of my friends either. What a waste of time and money! Plus dealing with callous and lying people - my goodness, I surely had my patience tested this evening!
5 ||| This company represents a honest and caring company that cares about their community.  They operate a variety of businesses and restaurants including the Eat n Park locations, the new Porch in Shenley, Six and Penn Kitchen, and the new upcoming Hello Bistro.  I cannot wait to try all of their dinning places.
3 ||| They burned my fish and they burned it bad.  Ordering fish at Eat'n Park is always a gamble.  I just never know how it's going to turn out.  I'm a risk taker so I ordered two pieces of baked lemon sole. . . Well it went terribly wrong.  My waiter came out and said, "They burned your fish, so I had them put two new pieces in the oven."  I was impressed by his honesty and didn't mind waiting for two new pieces.  . .  I gladly helped myself to my boyfriend's french toast while I waited. . . Then out of no where another server comes to the table with the burnt fish and sets it down infront of me. With the burnt side down of course.  That just shows the kitchen is not in total coordination.  . . Like I said getting fish from Eatn' Park is a toss up. In the end I got two nicely baked pieces of sole to replace the burnt ones, so I left satisfied.
2 ||| Some how even though the food at this Eat'n Park is down right abominable, the smiles and laughter is always there.  How can I stay mad when the prices or so cheep? Myself my boyfriend and his nephew had lunch with milkshakes and me having a coffee it was $31.00. . On this particular occasion the fire alarm went off and rang and rang and rang loud and long for over 15 minutes before the fire department got there realized they didn't have key to turn it off and than another 10 minutes later finally shut it off...only at Eatn' Park.. . My baked potato was hard as a rock, I had ordered two pieces of baked cod and only received one. . . The waitress was very sweet and attentive and really attempted to build a rapport with our lil nephew which I thought was sweet.
3 ||| This is a tiny Starbucks and it locations like this (although cute) makes you wonder if your really meant to hang out or just grab your coffee and leave. Leaving is always a good idea at this location anyway since you have a nice fountain in the back with benches and it is a central part of the Waterfront Shopping. . . Starbuck isn't my favorite coffee chain by any means. Is it just me or do all Starbuck coffees taste a little burnt and bitter? No matter how trendy, cool and upscale their establishments are I can't get around the yicky tasting bitterness of Staryucks regular coffees. Talk about over roasting a bean...Maybe something has changed with their regular coffee but I have not drank it in about a year. I am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff. Still I'll give the establishment tres estrellas for the fact that their espresso is acceptable and doesn't taste half as bad as the regular coffee bean.
3 ||| Mmm...peppermint mocha. . In my quest to visit every Starbucks in the USA I have stopped at yet another location.  This one is located in the center of a circle road -- very cache and in a newer part of the area.
2 ||| Typical Starbucks coffee chain. 2 things I dont like about this Starbucks: . . 1. Ive been there twice and both times the place has been dirty, compared to the other Starbucks I have been in.. . 2. If you have to use the bathroom, they give you a key thats attached to this nasty bottle. Im pretty sure they dont clean that bottle after every use or even nightly.. . Aside from that, good coffee and fast/friendly service.
2 ||| If there was ever a "get your coffee and go" Starbucks, this is it. Right in the center of the Waterfront, this Starbucks has no sofa, comfy chairs, only table seating. I love the baristas here, But I don't like the location of the building.
3 ||| This is a typical Starbucks. The coffee is good but the store is suprisingly dirty.
5 ||| Great location!  Close to shops and theatre.  Nice staff.
4 ||| Regarding quality of beverage, this is just your average Starbucks. I can't complain but am not blown away either. However, I really like the location of this shop, which is located in the center of The Waterfront's specialty retail shops. Though in the midst of a lot of retail, the surrounding area is very picturesque with pretty green grass, flowers, and a fountain. Hanging out here is very relaxing.
4 ||| I love the location of this Starbucks, which is why I'm giving it 4 stars. It's right smack in the middle of clothing stores, the Loews movie theater, as well as restaurants. I love grabbing a mid afternoon latte here on a Saturday while perusing various stores such as the Gap or Loft. I also like coming here before or after a movie for a quick caffeine jolt.. . While the drinks are the same as you would find at any Starbucks, the baristas and staff are really friendly, perhaps more so than other area Starbucks. . . My drink or choice when I come here generally in the mod afternoon is a venti (or trenta...) berry hibiscus refresher. Yum! It is the perfect afternoon pick-me-up that leaves me feeling refreshed and hydrated.
2 ||| This Starbucks is teeny-tiny!. . Seating inside is VERY limited.  This is a Starbucks to grab and go and continue your shopping at the Waterfront.. . Baristas are friendly and fast.
3 ||| As far as Starbucks go, this is a pretty nice one.  The baristas are friendly and while I was here, a lot of regulars must have come in, because they bantered away with almost everyone.  The bathroom was clean and well maintained and the trash wasn't overflowing in the canisters around the store.  The pastries looked fresh, but I didn't partake.  The noise level was also at a nice working level - not too loud, music just barely audible.. . I do wish there was more seating.  It is nice that this location has a counter at the end of the bar for sole workers, but it doesn't replace more tables.  I'm sure this isn't as much of a problem in the summer when there's the space outside.. . There was a treat receipt promo going on, but the barista didn't tell me about it, which I found odd.  Usually when they have promos like that going on, they ask everyone if they want their receipt to come back later in the day to claim whatever the offer is.  Today it was one of their new pastries for $1, I know in the summer they do $2 grande iced drinks with that morning's receipt.. . Overall, nice working or socializing environment.  Very friendly and inviting.  It's what I've come to expect from Starbucks, so points for consistency.
2 ||| I'm not a huge fan of this location. I think that it was oddly built- the small, alley-like front makes it difficult to get past people on your way to/from the bathroom or tables when it's busy. And there's hardly any tables to sit at. Furthermore, people tend to clog the front on their way in, which makes things particularly difficult (especially in the winter weather). The staff were pretty impersonal to be, but maybe that was due to the high traffic of the place and the time I was there. And the coffee that I had was cold- I'm sure it was probably the bottom of the batch. I'd probably only walk in here again if someone else suggested it before or after a movie or while we were shopping in the area.
2 ||| For someone who straddles the line between sometimes craft-er, this store can seem vast and confusing.  There's rows and rows of baskets and bedazzling jewels and paper and...oh my...scrap booking!  When I want to find boring old felt....it's like...where do I start?  . . I'm in a hurry, as always, and I rush in and the first thing I look for is an employee.  No one to be found.  I could call out and my voice would come echoing back.  I run between rows of paper, wood and gosh darn scrap booking....no felt!  Where do I find felt!  Where do I find an employee!?. . FINALLY, I find one after 15 minutes of wondering around.  She's incredibly nice and leads me to the felt.  This is not the first time I've been hard up to find help.  I tell her she was hard to find, and she tells me that they're "low on payroll" and can't have any one the floor BUT HER!  In that WHOLE store, JUST HER!  That's ridic!. . Not a month ago I was, again, in a slight hurry and stood in line for about 15 minutes to check out, with 2 employees at the register and 6 people per line, I gave up and walked out.  . . Hey Michael, do you pick up what I'm putting down?  You're not making any money because your costumer service SUCKS....in fact, there's no service to be found!
3 ||| I have been frequently shopping at this Michaels store over the last couple months since I began taking a cake decorating class and hosted a large baby shower at my home. The store has typically had the supplies that I need from cake and cupcake baking and icing to scrap booking supplies. This location is pretty average compared to other Michaels - it's exactly what you would expect when going to this store. It's not a large store, but it's not a small store -- just average.. . I do enjoy using the Michael's coupons when shopping. I definitely save a lot of money! Instead of toting around the paper versions, I actually have the iPhone app that has coupons available to use from the app. . . My only complaint is that sometimes it takes a while to check out at this location. I don't normally have a problem - usually only one or two people ahead of me - but sometimes it can be much slower. Today, for example, there were only two customers ahead of me, but one of them was having issues with a coupon. The line began to get longer and longer, and though a couple associates were lingering up front, they kept calling for someone else. From personal experience of being a manger in a retail store, do not linger or let your associates linger near the cashiers without jumping on register. Whatever the reason may be that you are not helping customers, it still appears rude and make everyone more impatient....
3 ||| It's your typical chain craft store.  And let me reiterate that I'm not a crafts person. I walked in because I needed dial rods for some signs I had. Now for being a chain store I was a bit upset because even though they had a decent selection, the amounts they had for each one I wanted were scarce.  Imagine me standing there with different sizes of wood in my hand and just staring in disbelief.  And for a piece of wood, the price was a bit steep.. . I will provably come back here, but only for an item that I cannot find elsewhere. Or if I'm too lazy to drive further out.
5 ||| I come here pretty frequently for art and craft supplies. Whatever Michaels doesn't have I just order online from a different retailer. Some items are pricey but you can still find some good deals. If you go all the way to the back of the store you can find interesting clearance items. Customer service is average. My favorite time to visit Michaels is when summer is about to end and all the fall and Halloween items are set out. Since I come here often, I know where everything I need is. However, the store could use a new layout.
2 ||| The one good thing I can say about Michael's is that they have a wide variety of hobbies and crafts included in their selection. They've got items for woodwork, painting, knitting, kids crafts, scrapbooks, you name it. The problem is, the variety of products for your particular craft is probably dismal. They've got lots of cool items all over the store that you're convinced that somehow you need. (Because it is soooo cute, and you could TOTALLY do something with it. Right..?) The store feels cluttered because there is so much stuff everywhere. However, if you're looking for something specific, good luck. It's not even a matter of the product being difficult to find in the store. It's that when you find the right section, there's either nothing in stock, or they simply don't even carry what you need. . . I stopped in for crochet supplies, and the yarn selection was laughable compared to many other craft stores. I ended up going elsewhere for my stuff anyway. . . Plus the prices at Michael's are significantly more than other area craft stores. I usually only stop there if I'm already at tend Waterfront. I'd recommend checking other craft stores first. Unless you need glitter. Especially fine glitter. Michael's has the best glitter selection/quality of any store I've ever been to.
4 ||| Whenever I was at the waterfront I would eat here.  The shakes are good, as are the shoestring fries and baked beans.  The sandwiches are small thin patties of meat so you probably want at least a double.  Overall, pretty tasty.
1 ||| This is the absolute WORST Steak N Shake I've ever been to. . . The bf and I got lost around Pittsburgh for 40 min. trying to find this location and on top of the unnecessary 1 hour wait for our food, the food itself was just so crappily made. It was so bad and we had waited a ridiculous amount of time (c'mon, Steak N Shake is basically a glorified McD's), our waiter comped our WHOLE MEAL.. . If not for the compensation, I would have been pissed that we had to pay for such a crappy meal. The bf, on the other hand, was more upset about the principle of the matter... we had trekked all that way just to get our Steak N Shake fix (since both of us haven't had it since our undergraduate days) and it was a major fail.. . I think I'm good with my Steak N Shake craving for a long time now.... . . . PS. The whole joint smells like major B.O.
1 ||| I went here at 3 PM between the lunch rush and the dinner rush, and the restaurant was maybe 20% full. I ordered the Chili Mac Supreme to go. I thought I would be in and out within 5-10 minutes. Keep in mind that this restaurant even has a drive-thru; the expectation is quick service.. . Long story short, my food never came... the waitress told me (after I had been sitting there waiting for thirty minutes) that the kitchen hadn't even started on my order yet, so I told her to cancel it and walked out. Now I see that others on Yelp have warned about the slow service at this location. Wish I had looked it up earlier.
2 ||| Well... as Steak 'n Shake locations go, this isn't the best one around--but it is burgers and fries that are open 24-7.. . The milkshakes are good!. . PROS: . Always made fresh, when you order;. . CONS:. Greasy (but its burgers);. Takes longer than typical in drive thru (but that's bc they're made fresh!);. Service (on a scale of 1-10, 10 being awesome) is a 4.
2 ||| In general I do like Shake N' Steak, but this location is a hit or miss location!  You never know what kind of quality or service you're going to find here.  A friend and myself went a few weeks back after a movie and it had to be one of the worst trips there EVER!  You can't entirely blame the waitress since she was the only one there for the entire place...poor scheduling on the manager's part. However, while she can't be accountable for the slooooow service, she was accountable for both orders being incorrect.  The burgers were over cooked and the fries were soggie and the milkshake was runny at best.... . By far my worst visit to Steak n' Shake!
2 ||| Rather typical SnS.  Had a good lunch crowd.  Milkshake was good but not as good as EnP down the street.  It took to long to get the burger for some reason, 25 minutes, I realized cooked to order but this is a little long for SnS.  Ordered the Guacamole Steakburger and it only had a small portion of Gauc...not your usual amount..kitchen was not up to speed on portion sizing for some reason.  Definitely did not look like the picture on the website.  Oh well!
3 ||| Ah, Steak n Shake, you hit the spot after a night of drinking. Open 24 hours, drive thru or dine in, with wonderful, cheap greasy burgers, chicken fingers, breakfast sandwiches, and shoestring fries. You're faster (and cheaper!) than Eat N Park. Plus your employees wear those adorable bow ties. Granted, if we were at a fancy party, I might act like I don't know you, but deep down inside you know I heart you.
1 ||| Terrible wait staff  couldn't even seat us. Before we, and another party walked out without even being greeted properly, I observed several employees traipse out the front door, several tables who were waiting for their food for a long time,  several employees just standing around out of direct view of the tables, a morbidly obese hostess that could barely physically walk from one end of the store to the other. I think one server was high. .   .   Going there was a  special request by a 7 year old getting over a long-ish illness, so that makes the shabby treatment more enraging.
2 ||| This place is s l o w....like so slow I have got up and left after waiting 30 minutes and not even being acknowledged by a server. The food is okay. Def not worth the wait. Milkshakes are just okay as well. Booooooo.
3 ||| Fast food done right, what more can you want?. . A throwback to old timey diners, steak and shake is where you get a decent meal at a good price. . . My sisters and I arrived on a Tuesday afternoon around 3pm catching their 2-4 happy hour, which we read on the door upon entry; a lovely surprise. This meant that all shakes and drinks were 50% off! . . I ordered the western BBQ burger, which was 2 thin patties, cheese, bacon, BBQ sauce, and fried onions. It came with shoe string fries (my favorite), all for the low price of $4.79. Are you kidding me? What's not to like! The food was actually pretty good! I liked it a lot. Since it was happy hour I also "splurged" on a chocolate covered strawberry shake. It was meh. Could have gone without it. The overpowering taste of artificial strawberry really turned me off, but the hot fudge saved it. But, how can you really go wrong with hot fudge?. . All in all, 3 meals and 3 shakes came to $20. A steal. Also the food is good! I enjoyed it. I'd come back.
1 ||| Food is good, what you'd expect from Steak n Shake. THE SERVICE IS AWFUL. so incredibly awful. expect to take at least an hour for your meal, even when it's slow. I've been going here for years when I want a cheap meal, but the service is so so so awful. Go to McDonalds.
1 ||| The service was fast but the food was terrible and so was the service. I had a bus to catch so I couldn't wait around waiting for the check so I went to the counter to pay. She never brought my check, never checked to see if my drink needed refilled, she just mopped the floors. . . The burger was really greasy, the fries were Luke warm and the cheese on them wasn't as flavorful as it should be. As a new Pittsburgher I'm not impressed.
3 ||| Burgers are not the best quality. Better than McDonald's but not much better. The fries are fairly thin, but crispy. They aren't bad. The prices are also quite decent. However, their shakes are amazing. Thick and creamy. It's also great that they have half off shakes on weekdays in the early morning like 1-3am.
1 ||| You know what you're getting with a Steak N Shake: it's about one rung up from a McD's in quality, and about two rungs down in quickness. At least, you think you know. . . I used to have a small place in my heart (though the salt and fat weren't very kind to said organ) for Steak N Shake, because hey, who can argue with beef and drinkable ice cream? But after my last trip, I can think of nothing more disgusting than having to eat here, this location in particular. I haven't been back in over year, and I will never step foot into a Steak N Shake as long as I have an immune system that I care about. . . After having eaten here, I hit the restroom on my way out (along with my two friends....hey, we're girls, it's acceptable!). One stall was already taken, so two of us are stuck waiting while this occupant does her....shall we say, business? After a few seconds, we realize that she's not only there to relieve herself, but to also take drive-through orders. Yes, that's right...."You want fries with that? *flush* Okay, that will be $5.50". I have never, ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom. To top it off, after finishing her "bathroom break", she walks straight out of the stall and into the restaurant. I guess she was in too much of a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she didn't have time to wash her hands. And I was in too much of a rush to choke back up what I had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach.
1 ||| I love Steak N Shake. This one, however, leaves a lot to be desired. The food often comes out cold and the servers are apathetic at best. Most of the time, they're downright rude. I highly recommend avoiding this location if possible. There's one on Route 51 that's worth the 15 minutes it'll take you to get there.
4 ||| I never thought that I'd be giving Steak 'n Shake a 4 star review, but I really enjoyed my dinner here tonight. It just hit the spot!. . I was impressed by our waiter as soon as we walked through the door. He apologized for our very brief wait to be seated and for the fact that he was the only waiter working at that time. However, everything was delivered promptly, and he made what would've been just a tasty diner dinner into a great experience.. . I ordered a grilled cheese and fries. The grilled cheese was well cooked and filled with tasty, perfectly melty cheese. I love Steak 'n Shake's thin and crispy fries, and these were as delicious as I had expected.. . For just $9 for me and my husband, I have to admit that we had forgotten how inexpensive Steak 'n Shake was. Based on the cost, the food, and our fantastic waiter, we'll be back soon.
1 ||| I like the occasional steak and shake stop.....    but this one has to be the slowest one ever.    The cashier was rude and I could hear her yelling are you fucking kidding me because the register was not working the way she wanted....     wow.... just wow...
1 ||| Every time we come here the service is laughably bad. On this visit a tabe which was sat after us had their food before our server graced us with her surly presence. Good restaurant elsewhere, just avoid this location if you want to get your food inside an hour.
1 ||| Wow. Dirty and slow.  The floors felt like they had the days burger grease spilled all over, and it took 30 m8n to get our take out order.
2 ||| This place teeters between a 2 and a 3 star review.  I've had pretty good experiences inside, it's usually the drive-thru where things fall a part.  . . It's the rare place I can get a Frisco Melt well, the ONLY place I can get a Frisco Melt!  and that steak burger alone is worth the risk, Walk In OR Drive Thru.. . Just take a gun on Weekends, you'll be fine.
1 ||| This location is terrible. The drive-thru workers are rude and they give you crap food. I waited 5 minutes before being able to order, even when there was only 1 car ahead of me. Then the lady proceeded to ask me if I would like anything on my burger, and (thinking the pictures on the menu are what they're supposed to look like and they would never false advertise) I asked "doesn't it come with the fixings like in the picture?" she then told me it only comes with cheese. So I then went on to tell her what I wanted on my burger. Pulled around and got my order pretty quick, but later when I open my burger its just meat and cheese. The meat is badly burned and cold. It was clear to me this burger was not fresh. I didn't even attempt to eat it, what a waste of a place. They definitely need better workers.
3 ||| Steak 'n Shake's food is pretty good and the prices aren't bad for the quantity of food. I ordered a grilled chicken salad with no dressing. The salad looked thrown together and was $5.49 for 2 croutons, tomatoes, carrots, cabbage, lettuce and chicken breast. (They forgot the cheese!) The staff wasn't very friendly or helpful and seemed like they didn't want to be there. There usually is a long wait at Steak 'n Shake, but if you catch them when they aren't busy, you will breeze through- drive-thru that is. I do like their food and you can eat healthy options, but the staff isn't helpful and the quality isn't always there.
2 ||| Nice staff but apparently there is little manager oversight around 3:28am.. . I do like this place.  It must be nice to work somewhere that allows you to choose your own tasks.  Like smoking, sitting and texting.  I'm fine with cooking my food being fourth on the "to do" list because there is no where else togo really..... . Why didn't they answer me at the drive through? I think they wanted me to come inside because my girlfriend and I are really really really good looking.. . This was annoying but understandable.
2 ||| It's okay. Food is cheap but portions are small. For example I order the chicken tenders, and I got 3 little tiny tenders, and a decent amount of fries. Also the restaurant is not really clean either.  This restaurant is not my number 1 choice.
4 ||| As far as I'm concerned, Filene's Basement is good for two things: cheap dresses and cheap accessories.. . . . As a young performer, I need good-looking dresses for frequent auditions -- and I need a couple, so I'm not wearing the same thing every time. The dresses on the second floor usually range from $30-60 and are good for over a year. It can be hard to find a full-length dress that's not reminiscent of a prom dress, but their selection of cocktail-length dresses is ample.. . . . As far as accessories go, Filene's tends to have cheap versions of popular trends. If I feel the need to stock my wardrobe with a transient fad, Filene's is the place to go.
4 ||| Even when we didn't have a car Filene's Basement was worth the bus trip to the Waterfront. I always find something (usually I find 3-4 things and spend about $60) and better still, I am always still wearing the clothes and shoes 3 months later. . . I kind of suspect this is the best shopping in Pittsburgh; it's much better than the usual department stores, better than Marshall's and TJ Maxx and better than the Saks downtown, even when it has a sale. Selection, bargains AND quality.. . I like this Filene's better than Gabriel Brothers, which are harder to get to. Gabriel Brothers are a real discount shopper's challenge and I'm afraid I didn't live in Pittsburgh long enough to develop the necessary skills . . . Filene's was still up and running in June 2007 when I left town.
5 ||| Love this store!  Don't always have much luck with the sales, but I always find something I like here.  This isn't your average Marshall's or TJ Max.  I think the green dress I'm wearing is from Filene's!
4 ||| This is probably my favorite store in Pittsburgh, for the selection and variety of discounted designer clothing. Other stores carry the same stuff but for much, much more, and it's hard to find all the stuff that the Basement carries in one spot. (Yes, I admit that the 'burgh has some cool stores.) I would do most of my clothes shopping here if I were here more often.
2 ||| Another store which has gone the way of the Dodo bird. Actually there was nothing basement like about it. What will be done with the empty space that is the question?
2 ||| $9.75 for a red bull and vodka? I'm sorry, I thought I was in Pittsburgh, not New York City. Sing Sing, a dueling piano bar, is fun, but it would be a hell of a lot more fun if I could have more than one watered down drink before I warbled my way through "Paradise City" with the rest of the crowd.
3 ||| Really enjoyed this a lot more than I thought I would.  The drinks were on the pricey side, but I didn't head here to get smashed.
5 ||| Had a great time at Sing Sing a while ago with friends.  Friendly staff.  Will return.
5 ||| Piano Man to the tune of Gangster's Paradise...what more do I have to say? Get there early if you want a seat, $7 cover and really fun crowd. We had sucha great time and I can't wait to go back.
5 ||| SingSing!!! What a blast! One of my favorite places to jam on Earth!! Cool bar, cool town, cool people... What else do you need!! The piano players are great, funny, semi-good lookin'... I mean dude, you gotta go!!! :) Love me some SingSing!
4 ||| Well, the experience did not start well. When we walked in the singing we heard was NOT good. Oy was it not good... Thankfully, it (mostly) improved from there.. . So there were 3 piano players rotating out on a half hour basis. So each was on for an hour and off for half. Of the 3, two were really good. Good singers, good piano players, and very funny. The third guy, well, not so much. Piano skills were fine. But his singing was not. When he sang in his range, he wasn't too bad actually, but too often he reached for notes that he couldn't get to or forced things that just weren't going to happen. Often his jokes fell completely flat. Luckily the other two usually did most the talking.. . They played a variety of songs as requested by the crowd and would do them in unconventional styles if requested (Closer by NIN as sung by a lounge singer was a highlight). We requested Britney Spears' Toxic cause we thought it would be funny and so they gave it a shot and as luck would have it, it turned out REALLY good. That takes some serious talent to pull off. If they didn't know it (like Toxic) they'd find it and play it. They played a wide variety of stuff.. . Part of the experience is based on the crowd. We had a couple larger groups (there on a Thursday night, so smallish group in general) that they interacted with a lot, providing some running jokes and comedy. Of course, that also meant some annoying drunk people feeling like they could take over half the show.. . My friends were BIG fans of the super cheap beer specials. $1 drafts from Rock Bottom next door. The waitress wasn't great but it could have been that she was the only one there and the layout isn't that easy to navigate. The bar was generally uncrowded though so getting service there was fast.. . If in the Waterfront for a night out, definitely a place to hit and have some fun if you are up for some fun and willing to sit through a couple clunkers of songs/jokes. Having a fun loving group of friends to mock things with when they go off the rails a bit will help make it more fun.
4 ||| While we were in Pittsburgh for the Winter Classic on New Years Day, we figured we'd see what the area had to offer for NYE. My wife and I, along with my friend and his girlfriend hit up Sing Sing in Homestead. It's apparently located on what was the site of one of the largest steel mills in the area. When it closed they turned the entire site into a large outdoor shopping and entertainment development. The only remaining artifacts from what once was, were the nine or so original mill smoke stacks still standing at the primary entrance. Pretty cool.. . Sing Sing, which is a piano bar, is attached to the Rock Bottom Brewery and serves a selection of RBB's in-house brews and shares a similar menu. There are no TV's, no sports memorabilia (which is rare for this city), and no big booths for large groups. This place is all about being a cabaret with the focus on the musicians. Mind you this isn't a bad thing, just note that if you want a bar, go next door or across the street to Dave and Busters. I'd say Sing Sing holds about 150 people seated.. . This particular night they were hosting a (shocker) NYE's party. For $40 bucks a person you got a choice of two entrees (beef tenderloin tips or lemon chicken), veggies, mashed potatoes, one free drink coupon, a midnight champagne toast, and, what turned out to be over four hours of non-stop music. Again... Pretty Cool.. . There were three musicians holding down the fort playing more than just piano (drums, electric synth, bass guitar, and apparently I missed the sax). There was plenty of crowd involvement. As in most piano bars you request songs along with a tip. The larger the tip, the better chance of hearing your song you have. I put three requests on a sheet with a 10 and managed to get two played. Their rendition of Toto's Africa was fantastic and surprisingly, my curve ball got hit out of the park when one of the guys actually knew the tune and words to the Theme from TV's "Growing Pains." I was sold from that point on.. . I will take this time to note that this is NOT a family friendly joint. I'm not sure if it was 21+ only but I certainly wouldn't bring anyone too young to drive. A good amount of sexual refrences and strong language awaits you.. . Drinks were stiff and not horribly overpriced. I think rail mixed drinks were $7.00 and beers were 6 or so (RBB doesn't brew anything I particularly enjoy so I stuck with rum and cokes). All and all my bill wasn't scary and I'm not used to that on Dec 31st. Waitress staff was really nice and incredibly attentive. No complaints there. . . The only down side to everything was group seating as you're sitting at 2-top cab tables. It was easily fixed though as the group next to us was up for rearranging tables from side to side to front to back (allowing us to talk and share food/booze etc), also, being a tourist, we had no idea how hard it would be to get a cab in Homestead. Understandably NYE has its issues with cab availability but we had to wait 2.5 hours for a cab because, as we found out, Homestead is a very suburban community right outside of the city and everyone drives. . . Ooops!. . All and all a good time and someplace I'd certainly return to if for any reason I'd be back in Pittsburgh... as long as I have a car.
4 ||| So.Much.Fun! . . I WISH I could play a song at the drop of a hat. Too bad I never took piano lessons and I'd probably end up mumbling half the lyrics other than the chorus. Unless it's Salt n' Pepa's Shoop. . . This is a really great place to go when you have out of town guests or are looking for a fun place to take someone for a birthday celebration or a fun night out. It's just something different to do other than boozing it up at the bars on a Saturday night. . . Keep in mind you'll be paying around a $5-10 cover plus whatever drinks and food you get. The good thing is the food is coming from the attached Rock Bottom Brewery. So a lot of it is restaurant quality good. Plus the brewery beer is actually pretty good! OF course you will be paying restaurant price drinks...so of course they're up charged a bit. But you do pay for the whole experience....so you gotta get into the spirit with some spirits! . . The guys who play are incredibly talented. There's 2 guys that will take requests and play songs on the piano. They pretty much play ANYTHING you ask. Contemporary songs, throw back songs, fight songs, rap songs, pop songs. You name it, they play it. . . My favorite part is when they switch out to another two guys. They'll all four get on stage and play two piano's, a guitar and drums. They usually rock out with some fun familiar songs (um, Journey, of course!). . . The birthday song is seriously the best. They sing to you....and call you some names....with expletives. But in a totally nice way of course. You just have to go!
5 ||| Sing Sing is awesome!! Give a buck or more and they will play anything, and if they don't know it, they will search for who requested the song so they can do something else the person will enjoy! :) Great humor too!! :)
3 ||| Came here with a group of girls and didn't have a reservation. We paid the cover, walked in and it was absolutely packed. There was nowhere to even stand. One of our friends was having issues with an expired license and when we found out that not all of us got in, they let us get our $7 cover back without issue. . . I recently went with a big group who had reserved about 50 seats. People who were not in the group kept coming in to the reserved area but the staff was very helpful in dealing with the group. . . They brew their own beer so do not expect to see any known brands. There are only about 6 beers on top, so if you are more of a light beer drinker you might not be too happy with the beer choices. They also have mixed drinks and wine. The mixed drinks around about $9 and they have a limited number of bottled wines (despite what it says on the menu). . . The entertainment was great and I would recommend it for a group outing. But definitely make sure that you have a reservation.
2 ||| This place has gone significantly down hill.  I've gone to Sing Sing about once a year for the last 6 or 7 years.  When we started going there you couldn't get a seat unless you got there early.  It was always packed.  However, each year the crowd seems to get smaller and smaller.  Crowd is an important component of a piano bar due to the interactive nature of it all.  I was there last Saturday night (8/4/12) and there was about 20-30 people there.  Very slow and boring.  It appears the crowd is no longer allowed up on stage, taking a lot of the interactive fun out of what this place used to be.  This was likely my last time at Sing Sing.  Save your $7 and skip this place.  A real shame because this place was once a lot of fun.
4 ||| Had an absolute blast!! Great for any crowd, any occasion, any age! Ashley the waitress was AMAZING
4 ||| Picture Billy Joel's "Piano Man" DOUBLED mixed with beer, a rowdy crowd, and comedy - Welcome to Sing Sing!  A unique musical experience found in Homestead.. . If you're looking to grab a bite to eat or a beer, come on in!  Serving food and brews from Rock Bottom Brewery, Sing Sing keeps your tummy full while you listen to two (or more) amazingly talented pianists take your musical requests.  They'll play anything you'd like, for tips of course.  Wanting to hear Britney Spears?  Toto?  Duran Duran?  Yep, they play that... new or old.. . The crowd makes the show, so make sure you come ready for a good time.  If the crowd is dead, it's harder for the Guys to get a reaction.  If you're wanting to have some fun, it can be a GREAT time!  It's the perfect place for Birthday parties - especially if you want to embarrass a friend.  The guys will bring them up to the pianos and perform a little ditty.  For being a good sport, you get the coveted Sing Sing bumper sticker.  Now who wouldn't want that?. . Dueling Pianos and brews... time to Shut Up & Sing Sing!
4 ||| First time here tonight and I must say I wasn't sure if I wanted to go. It seemed like it might be ok but nothing special but I decided to go with friends and man did I have a blast. The $7 door charge was great figuring u had music from 8 until probably 2 am ( we left shortly after 1). The food was not super but good prices reasonable. The beer left something to b desired as they r a micro brewery so u can only get their crafts. I asked for something similar to yeungling but what I got was nothing like it. The musicians were great they made this place awesome. We will b back and this may b our new Pittsburgh hangout
5 ||| Went here for the first time this past weekend. Needless to say I'll be returning! It was a blast!!!. . It was cheap to get in and since we got there a bit earlier we got a semi-good table. Though it was very annoying that people had reserved tables right up front and never showed up. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THESE PEOPLE?! Everything if you ask me! Seriously though if you're going to reserve a table, you better freaking go! . . I had no complaints about the place itself! The guys were hilarious and watching my brother get made fun of multiple times was just the cherry on top! Anddd this has to be the only place I've ever enjoyed being around people who were sloppy drunk, because the comedians take no prisoners! . . I did enjoy when Matt and Joey were the ones up there because they are just amazing and make it so much better! They are great at what they do. Can't wait to go back!
4 ||| My friend is a piano teacher, so I took it as a good sign that Sing Sing would be quality stuff. It was her birthday, and I didn't really know anything about dueling piano bars. I was picturing glossy black grand pianos with glittering notes, pianists in black jackets and crystal glasses full of red wine. I am really, really glad I was wrong. . . It was gritty, bawdy and quintessentially Pittsburgh. First off, the pianos are scuffed to hell, considering the number of tipsy people who sit on them nightly while being mildly humiliated. The musicians hammer away at them, and they're covered with N@ and Sing Sing stickers. It's obvious they've been well-loved. The music is anything but the elevator music I was picturing; it's rock, hip-hop, oldies, pop, and just about any genre imaginable thanks to the request system (send up a piece of paper with some money) and the amazing repertoire of the musicians. For instance, "Rubber Ducky" and "Gangsta's Paradise" were both featured when I was there, and both performed impeccably. They also honored a request for a Taylor Swift song only to receive $30 and a request for "anything else," which they promptly followed. The musicians also do funny versions of popular songs, and throw in things like "yinz" instead of "you.". . I saw in awe of the performers for a decent portion of the night. It must take a particularly special type of person to put on a show like this, considering the energy, confidence, wit, empathy, boldness, silliness, cleverness, and sheer talent a job like this requires. They rotate performers in and out so there's not even an intermission. I've read comments about the baseness of the humor, but I had no doubt the guys up on stage were intelligent dudes. They had great personalities: one was about 140 pounds, cheeky, and quick-witted. He acted out every sport in the winter olympics, and was pretty into this 90-something-year-old lady in the audience called Joan. The other had crazy hair and bright blue Chucks, beatboxed as well as he sang, and made it point to play a handful of songs for my friend's birthday. "I think Ray Charles is the most soulful guy of all time," he said when she requested him.. . There were tons of people celebrating birthdays, and one big bachelorette party the Saturday night I was there. The performers bring the birthday boy/girl, bachelor/bachelorette, etc. on stage (for a $20 tip, which is pretty easy to scrounge up among friends) and humiliate the hell out of them, i.e. this is not the place to be if you can't laugh at yourself. My friend had a short dress on when she sat on the piano, and they sang a three-minute song about her vagina.. . Luckily, the show eclipsed the bad service and overpriced, weak drinks, because those did feature heavily throughout the night. The rest of the staff was friendly, however, and I stumbled on the door guy singing and dancing by himself, which made me smile.. . Sing Sing is definitely not an every weekend type of thing (much like Hofbräuhaus), but is a splendid way to celebrate a special occasion. Definitely belongs on every required Pittsburgh experiences list.
3 ||| The musicians at this place work hard to entertain the crowd, so I can't say they are all bad.  However the minimum for a song request is $5.  I spent $20 on a song for my girlfriend and they NEVER played it!!  They were playing songs for $5 and $10, but my $40 got me no where.  Even if they didn't know the song, which I doubt, they could have picked one they knew and improvised,  my tip, save your $$ on the requests.. . Otherwise it's fun for special events every once in awhile.
3 ||| Pretty fun place to go every once in a while, but, believe me, by the end of the night you'll be ready to go. The show lasts around 5 hours, by the 3 hour mark you'll be sick of sitting there in the crowd with your $9 a pop drinks listening to the same dirty jokes over and over and over again.
3 ||| My best friend took me to Sing Sing for my bachelor party. I had a blast. The musicians (dueling pianists) made fun of me in a bunch of songs. They also were really good at playing requested tunes (rock). When the show was over we shuffled across the hall to the connected "Rock Bottom" restaurant for some grub. We all had so much fun that we went back for my buddy's bachelor party.. . There were some drawbacks though. We went on a Thursday night so the atmosphere was lacking as the place was pretty empty. And of course they are a little pushy soliciting tips when the place is empty. But it's not our fault the place is empty on Thirsty Thursday, if their drinks weren't so damn expensive maybe more people would show up. And sometimes they used vulgar language which was just unnecessary since they would have otherwise still been hilarious. Also there was no table service, and the only bartender was a bitch. I'll probably be back, but only for a special occasion when I can afford it.
5 ||| I brought my car here in 2006 for repair of a scratched bumper.  The damage was minimal, but the work required removing my entire bumper for repainting.  The staff were very helpful in explaining my options and presenting me with a few choices to get the most bang for my buck.  They completed the work in the quoted amount of time and did a great job.  A few weeks later, I noticed a spot that needed touched up and they handled it immediately and without question.  I would definitely recommend these guys if you need bodywork or paint work done.
5 ||| I was so pleased with the quality of customer service at this body shop, from the very first time I took my car in for an estimate to a couple months down the line when I got my car repaired (they still remembered me!). One thing I really like is that they always pick up the phone. You wouldn't believe how annoying it is when businesses don't do this during normal business hours. They're so personable and gave me an honest quote that I couldn't turn down because it was the lowest in town (I checked out 5 places). They just really made this process painless and smooth. I believe it's a family-run business, and boy does it show in their hospitality.. . Fran and Jason were the ones that I worked with -- extremely knowledgeable and patient, especially with a customer like me who wants to make sure all the paperwork is thorough and calculations are accurate. Joe DiIorio's (with an "i" not an "l") Auto Body also works closely with Enterprise Car Rental down the street, so they came and picked me up. Those guys down there have a great relationship with this body shop as well and were really accommodating.. . Overall, the quality of their work is amazing. I had a large dent on the driver side front bumper and had to replace my light (they ended up getting an OEM light instead of the aftermarket one because it didn't match) and get a brand new bumper. They blended the paint for me, washed, waxed, and vacuumed my car, AND their work has a lifetime guarantee. What can I say other than give my highest recommendation and hope other Yelpers can find this helpful, as this is how I found out about them.
5 ||| I'm grateful to my insurance company for recommending Di Iorio's Auto Body Shop. After an accident, I needed some body work done as soon as possible. The other recommended shops wouldn't even make an appointment to see me for days. These guys fit me in that afternoon, and coordinated the rental too. Everyone I worked with was courteous and pleasant, and the work was done more quickly than expected. Moreover, they found ways to help save on the expense. The car came out looking better than before the accident -- a few days later, I noticed they had buffed out some scratches that weren't even part of the repair area. I will definitely be back next time I need auto repairs.
2 ||| I usually have nothing but good things to say about this place. I've dealt with Fran and others and have had very good experiences. However, this time was very different. I called to find out how much they might charge to install some brakes and rotors that I had, i was reffered to Mark, the mechanic. I made the appointment with him for Tuesday Sept 30th, he quoted me between $179 - $200 for the work (though the first person I spoke to quoted $150-$179) and told me to bring it at 8am and it would be finished the same day.when I brought it on Tuesday, Septempber 30th at 8 am, Mark forgets that i even made the appointment with him (or didnt bother to make a note of it) saying, "oh, I thought you were supposed to bring this by yesterday". He says I should expect this to probably be done before 3pm. . . I soon recieve a call from Mark at 10:25am, where he tells me the charge will actually be $240 (for four hours of labor + $13 worth of materials, before even getting started to see how long the job would actually take) and that the car would be ready by 3pm, if not possibly before that. Also for good measure he decides to randomly throw in, "oh, and we don't take checks". . . The next phone call is at 3:50pm to ask if i actually need to have the car back today, I tell Mark, "yes, of course". (I was expecting to be ready by 3, if not before like he said) When I express that I definitely need it today, he says that he just has to finish this one side and it will be ready by 415. This leaves me with barely enough time to get a bus and get over there before they close at 430. Honestly if what he had to finish on my car could easily be completed between 3:50 and 4:15, i dont think he would bother asking if i still needed to have it that day. As a result I feel that he may have rushed something while putting my car back together, because now something feels slightly off with the feeling of how the cars is aligned or the way the car drifts at times.
5 ||| SO lucky to be referred to Joe DiIorio's after moving to Pittsburgh. It's really invaluable to have "car guys" that you trust. I could detail several experiences here (in comparison to other chain shops), but suffice it to say that they've always been honest, helpful, and fair.
3 ||| Typical, but new.  . . You see all of the people that are walking in and out and, I must say, the customers look like they work for a living hear.  I swear one of the guys was covered head to toe in soot.  That is amazing.  . . Ran around the store looking for those few items that I needed to satisfy my need to build and create.  Minimal help from the small quantities of employees, but some of them actually asked if I needed help -- after I had found the item.
1 ||| When making a Customer's paymento atLowe's, we have our checklist:. . 1. Do the phone numbers match?  Nope, but that's fine since people are always changing their phone numbers anyways.. 2. Does the name on account match name on check?  Nope, but mistakes happen at those pesky check companies.. 3. Does the account number on the check match the account number on the screen?  Why should it, those computers are always making mistakes.. . Now that we have verified that all the information is correct, we can process the payment.  The customer will be so happy that we didn't have to bother them with any silly questions.. . ******. I am sad to say that this is an actual occurrence.  What was originally an average Lowe's has turned into Lowe's Hell.  If the associates do not have basic logic comprehension, how do they survive?
1 ||| Would like to give NO STARS.  bought all new kitchen appliances there.  Refrigerator is defective.  They. send an outside company to repair.  Man arrives with NO TOOLS and wrong size seal for freezer.  not once, twice.  The first time, he tries to use my spoon from counter to install it!  I complain, too bad...they have to comeTHREE times before replacing it!  NEVER AGAIN.
3 ||| Your typical area big box hardware store.  It's convenient to go to because of the proximity to other stores and how close it is to so many communities.. . Can't really say much else about this place other than with the self checkout lanes it's a breeze to run in and then out without having to deal with a single associate.
3 ||| This local Lowe's serves its purpose for my husband and me -- a convenient home improvement store that we run into every month or two. I am most impressed by the lawn and garden section of the store. I am not sure how it compares to other Lowe's stores, but when shopping at the Home Depot in North Fayette last fall, their flower selection was dismal compared to this Lowe's.
4 ||| Waterfront Lowe's beats Monroeville Lowe's for lawn and garden.  Hate to admit it, but it's true.
4 ||| Excellent wings and sandwiches, generally good food otherwise, and fair prices-- nice casual place. The service can be a little slow due to how popular the place gets at peak times.
5 ||| The food here can actually be a little hit and miss, but I love the grilled cheese club with fries. I get it way too much. People make fun of me.. . They have a ten dollar minimum for credit cards, fyi.
3 ||| 3.5 rounding down. Its been a while since JB and I ate here and I would consider going back but we just haven't gotten around to it. The beer selection looked great but the first 3 beers that I wanted "hadn't come in yet" (they were in the middle of expanding their offerings, this really bothers me...if you don't have the product, don't put it on the menu).. . Its not necessarily vegetarian friendly, I got a pizza and it was good, not fantastic, only good. Justin was satisfied with his meal. Its a good place to eat if you live in the neighborhood but I wouldn't recommend going out of your way.
4 ||| We're always looking for non-chain restaurants by the Waterfront (they do exist...), and this has become a favorite. I've had the Hot Roast Beef & Fries and the Corned Beef on Rye, and both were delicious. Every beer I've had here has been ice cold, and the service has been strong too. It's a great place to watch a Pirates game too.
3 ||| Stopped by on a Mon evening after trying to dine at Smoke Taqueria which is closed Mondays. Parking on street in front or behind off Hay St. Super friendly bartender. In warmer months they have huge outdoor area & big screen & upstairs cornhole game area. Okay draft beer selection and big bottle selection. Tried the italian club which was really good - two of us split one. Also tried sweet potato fries - amazingly good! Home made chips w bleu were overpowered by sauce. Bathroom was in need of plaster and wall repairs & was grossed out by toilet brush/holder on a shelf near toilet at eye level. Bet it's a fun place in warmer months.
5 ||| Awesome wings and pubgrub! Great beer selection and fun bartenders.
2 ||| There's lots of potential here because of the wonderful character and ambiance of this place, but the food was average at best.  We were there on a Pens Playoff night and there were 2 people working all the tables in both rooms.  Our food came to us cold and unimpressive at that.  Our orders were somewhat mixed up.  The potato skins used a really cheap artificial cheese that was not very appealing.  I tasted a slice of pizza, which is definitely the best thing they offer.  The crust was delicious and homemade.  If you are going to order something, I would go with the pizza.  We also ordered the chicken wings which were pretty good, also.  If you are looking for good food, Homestead better choices at Blue Dust or Tin Front.
1 ||| Before today I probably would have given this place three stars based mostly on their beer selection; however, today the service was terrible. We waited two hours for a pizza sub, French onion soup, fries, and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie, no hot sauce). We were told by the waitress that she realized it was wrong, but decided to still bring it out to see if my gf would eat it. She sent it back. By a half hour later, we still had not received the buffalo chicken tenders, nor the French onion soup (which should have been mostly made already), and no fries.  We were told the chef was new, but no effort was made really to make the situation better. No quick and easy app or beers on the house. To boot, the beer was pretty expensive. I will probably give the place another chance based on their beer selection, but it won't be for a while. The food has always been average at best, and the pizza sub was no different. We ended up leaving after two hours without receiving 75% of our order.
3 ||| I'm reading on here that the food is really hit or miss. I've only gone to Duke's one time, but the food was good. It wasn't too busy so our service was very attentive and it didn't take long to get our food at all.. . The place is separated between a bar area and a more family style dining area. We sat in the dining area because the bar area was pretty full. The dining room area definitely fills up with an older, have lived in Pittsburgh all their lives crowd, while the younger crowd is in the bar area. . . I'll definitely be back since I live in the area.
5 ||| Duke...the owner...is the man.  He's a true Pittsburgher and he loves everyone from Pittsburgh.  He looks like he'll beat you up but he's a softy with a big heart.  Look for the bald guy with the raspy voice and make friends...he'll hook you up.  He's also totally into the development of other Pittsburgh businesses and he hosts events for local startups.  Ask him for a tour of the old Eat n Park next door...I believe his intention is still to turn it into an incubator of sorts.  Fortunately, the bar is close enough to the waterfront that it's just far enough out of the ghetto...the crowd is certainly decent.  Definitely have some beers on the porch in the summer...especially in the rain (lower level is covered).  Very relaxing atmosphere.  I wish my company was located in the area so we could frequent Dukes more steadily (we're on the north side).  Still worth the drive to feel at home, have a good bite and some cold beers.
2 ||| I've been to Duke's three times now. When I first came to PGH, a lot of locals were telling me that this was a good place to catch a game, drink some brews and get great food. Most of that is true, but the bad has mostly outweighed the good.. . They have an excellent new tap system. Last time I went, they had Thirsty Dog Leghumpper on draft, and it was perfect. The system really elevates already awesome beer. Plus, the selection is awesome. . . It is a sports-themed bar, so you can expect drunk locals, loud TV's and plenty of yelling. I'm sort of into that, so it doesn't bother me, although I do think their staff is not well equipped enough to work among the chaos. Service is often slow, and they give the waitresses ZERO training in the beers that they offer. This is not a good place for trying something new, as they can't tell you a thing about it. . . The biggest downfall of Duke's, though, is the food. I've had three different, but equally simple, dishes there; A Burger, a Cheesesteak and Chicken Tenders. The first was flavorless and cold. The second was passable, but nothing special. And the last were absolutely awful. Honestly, the batter and size of the chicken made me so ill, I had to call it an early night. I ate two of the 7 tenders (SEVEN!) and had to quit. . Their fries are very good. And so are the wings.. . I'd say Duke's is a good place to drink, but that's about it.
4 ||| One of my favorite local eateries. The mild & wild sauce is my absolute favorite, I wish I could purchase it. I am not a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great & reminds me of a fatheads sandwich. Food portion is great. The only complaint I would have if any is the craft beer is a little on the pricey side, as usual in most local bars. Friendly service, will continue to frequent with my family.
5 ||| GREAT PLACE FOR A BIRTHDAY PARTY!  . . A FAMILY GATHERING!  . . A WORK RETIREMENT PARTY!  . . OR EVEN A DOUBLE-DATE!. . A combination watering hole, great place to eat and great entertainment for adults! Adult games!. . The Homestead (Pittsburgh) location of Dave & Busters is just one of the almost 50 locations across the country - from New York to Florida to California - - from Canada to Mexico.  . . The Dave & Busters idea was conceived in Little Rock, Arkansas back in the 1970s. Two different businesses (one a popular watering hole & one a game & entertainment business) were right next door to each other. The two young owners were friends and quickly realized that combining their businesses made perfect sense. So they opened the first combined D & B in  . . . . no, not Little Rock, but Dallas! To this day there are no D & B's in Little Rock. Not sure what is up with that! But lots of other cities have been the beneficiaries of these two friends combining their businesses.. . The one in Pittsburgh is the only one I have ever been to.  When I lived there, a group of friends and co-workers (and me, of course!)used to go there for Happy Hour & Power Hour . . . . at least once a week. We had a blast!  A great place to kick-back and let the worries of the work day melt away.. . Wonder if they'll ever open one in Marin County, CA? Shucks!  Probably not. Not a Marin County scene, for sure. . . WHAT A BLAST IT WAS THOUGH! I miss going to D & B. They have all the classics, like billiards & shuffleboard, plus over 200 interactive & video games. A rechargable Power Card provides an easy way to access all the games.  . . POWER HOUR is game HAPPY HOUR - - an entire hour of classic and video games for just  ten bucks.  . . A GREAT BAR, WONDERFUL FOOD AND SERVICE! A RELAXING AND FUN WAY to spend a Friday or Saturday evening. You'll never want to leave. Meet your friends here, grab a beer and a burger or steak and hit the games. . . Time will just evaporate . . . . while you laugh and drink with your favorite girl, your best friend or even your boss!  . . DAVE & BUSTERS! LOTS OF PARKING! LOTS OF FUN!. . FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! FUN! . . . . BRING ON THE BEER!
2 ||| D&B is nice once in a while but the food is insanely unhealthy. They are also really clever about designing the psychological context in ways to extract money from their customers. You feel a bit milked afterwards. Also much fatter.. . You pay for games using credits from mag-stripe cards. This lets D&B give their games arbitrary prices and makes it harder for you to really know how much you are spending. Menus for drinks and food have no prices. $6.05 for a Banana Split cocktail? $3.40 for a Michelob?  I have no idea whether that is expensive but not showing the prices is clever because they can price their things and not have to obey pricing psychology (like anchors and so forth).. . Waitstaff hassle you repeatedly to order desserts. Oh, and the dining room has plastic demos dessert trays to get that thought going in your mind as you walk to your table.. . The games are all violent shooters or racing games don't appear to have changed much since 2002 when I last went to D&B in California. Hope they can find more innovative arcade games in the future.. . Not a pleasant experience, but at least it's different from going to an ordinary restaurant.
2 ||| Think Chuck E. Cheese for adults.  Skee Ball, video games pool tables.  Clean environment.  Good fun.. . Unfortunately, I went for a bite to eat and it was impossible to find anything good and healthy on the menu.  I ended up settling for spinach dip.  Sadly, they topped the dip off with horrible orange shredded cheese that appeared to have been popped in the microwave for a few seconds.  Blahhhh.  Trying to get something healthy, I ordered the apple pecan salad.  I swear the dressing came right out of the grocery store bottle.  I could barely eat the salad.  Too sweet.. . My mom ordered a steak roll.....holy friedness!  The steak was more like hamburger fried with cheese and then stuffed into breading that was fried AGAIN!  Yowzer!  Artery clogger for sure.  . . I like the atmosphere.  I like the bar area.  Perhaps next time we'll just stop by for drinks instead.
2 ||| Dave and Buster's is an enigma, is it dining, a bar, or  playground for video game lovers? Let me get the bar part out of the way first, it's overpriced, and they try to get you to buy a glass to jack up your bill. . . Next, the food. Just like all the chain places at the Waterfront, there are sandwiches, burgers (yes they have a blue cheese burger, who doesn't?) pasta, salads, chicken fingers, yadda yadda. . . The games, I swear over three quarters of the games have been there since 2000 when the place opened. I guess in ten years no new games have hit the scene.. . Overall Dave and buster's is unique to the Waterfront, but it's time to update the menu, update the games, and get into the second decade of the 21st century.
3 ||| Because I have significantly younger sisters, I go to Dave and Busters about twice a year. It's fun for them and nostalgic for me. It can get expensive and the 'prizes' are cheap but it make for great "sister days" . . As for the food, we've eaten there once and never again. It's just blah... frozen and fried. The veggie burger was put on there as an afterthought just so they could say they offer it. A frozen Boca patty thrown on a bun. Thanks! I could have ran to Costco for that. Drinks are rather expensive but that's to be expected. . . So go for the games, fun and laughter and maybe stop somewhere else for drinks and a bite to eat (skip the bountiful chains that span the Waterfront and try Blue Dust on Amity Street).
4 ||| The usual fun center.. . You can play games using a play card which you purchase there.  Game prices can be confusing- - -  2.3, 5.7, 9.9 credits, etc.. . The arcade can be fun if you bring some friends.  . . Almost every game is a ticket game and there are few innovative or exciting game choices.. . I didn't eat there, so I can't rate the restaurant part of Dave and Busters.
4 ||| We came here on a Saturday night and luckily it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be. I love playing ticket games so luckily there were a lot of games to chose from and not many video games (sorry video game lovers!) We only played $20 worth of games and surprisingly we were there for awhile. I love their new Wheel of Fortune game! On our first play, we ended up winning a little over 700 tickets! They also have Fruit Ninja as a game. It was fun with the big widescreen but unfortunately you don't win as many tickets as you would hope. I wish their ticket center would have individual ticket counters like the other D&B's I've been to, where you feed a counting machine your tickets. At this place, they just weigh your tickets and give you the final count. We didn't try the food here and instead went to P.F. Chang's to eat before coming here, but the Eat & Play deal looked fun. Too bad it was only restricted to certain times of the day. Overall I had a blast here and definitely would come back. Hopefully next time when there is a deal or promotion.
3 ||| A table for 16 please...   That is what I had to ask for and knew that D&B could accomodate.. . I happen to be in the Homestead area for work.   I really wanted to dig into my Yelp bag of tricks provided by local Yelpers and introduce my team to the "Shock and Awe" they deserved but ... the shear numbers would made it hard.. . When I started thinking about how we would have a manageable lunch - The only idea I could come up with was the Golden Corral - I knew that was not going to work for me.. . We decided to do something local and walking distance - D&B was it.. . It is what you expect - quiet for lunch video games and a bar nearby but I had to forgo any festivities - it was a work lunch.   I was pleased they had a under 600 calorie menu.   I am trying to maintain a normal diet due to my stretchy pants being out of style and not wanting to look like a character out of Family Guy.. . The waitress was very friendly and organized.    I ordered the Cabo style Chicken - Chicken Breast lightly seasoned and char-grilled, topped with pineapple pico de gallo and served with spicy rice and steamed fresh vegetables.. . It was eh...   The chicken was cooked but the pineapple pico de gallo was bland.  The rice was bland.  The vegetables were cold.   I really blame it on the fact I was with 15 compatriots for lunch so I am giving it a fair rating.  Everything was edible.. . My team went with deep fried foods and burgers.   They seemed pleased.. . Service - very good. Food - okay, not great.   My meal was $13. Ambiance - well it was clean but there were not really any people in D&B. . There are so many other choices for lunch that are local and close.  I would definitely recommend another in Squirrel Hill - I suggest you use Yelp to find you a better one (then come back and play! ;-) )
4 ||| I love Dave and Busters!!  It is a great place to go when you are wanting to have a great time with a great group of friends.  If you find you and your friends bored on a Friday or Saturday night, come to D&B and win some prizes!!  It is pricey though, so bring some major moolah
5 ||| Dave and busters is the best place to eat and play games. There is many fun games and prizes to win. I highly suggest if you want to plays games, go Wednesday when all the games are half off. Food is pretty good and a nice bar. The downside is that the booze is pretty pricey.
2 ||| When did Dave and Buster's become a daycare?? Everywhere you look, there are signs that say kids must be accompanied by an adult, but apparently no one was honoring that at 6PM on a Saturday. I couldn't even walk through the place without someone shoving me. AHHH!. I get that Dave and Buster's is an arcade and that you're going there to play some games, maybe eat, and kill some time. When I last went there a few years ago, we there for my bachelor party, and while I'm sure we got into some shenanigans, I don't remember children running wild there. We were having adult beverages, playing games, and having a good time. This time, it was ridiculous. It isn't Chuck E. Cheese, yet that's how parents seem to be treating the place.. On top of that, the customer service sucked. The place is gigantic, with tables and serving areas everywhere, yet on a Saturday at 6PM, the hostess told us (after interrupting us three times to chat with the other hostess) told us it would be a three hour wait, despite the fact that there were empty tables all over the dining room. I suspect this is a ploy to get you to play games and spend money until you're table is ready, but the food at Dave and Buster's is not worth a three hour wait on any day.. The hostess told us we could be served right away if we went to the midway and found an empty table, so we attempted that. Most of those tables were empty with usually one or two adults at a giant empty table filled with coats who informed us that they needed the table because their kids would be back soon after playing games. Next, i engaged in the most rudest thing I've ever done- I began stalking tables where people were finishing up. I would walk up to people paying their check, ask if I could have their table when they were done, and they would inform me that there were already two or three people who asked them and I should get in line.. Finally, we found a table and proceeded to spend two hours eating dinner. It wasn't because we ordered a lot of food- it was that the waiter took forever to bring our food out. He seemed to have no problem getting us fresh drinks, until we drank as much as we could and then asked for water. After that, he seemed to come around a lot less. . I had the build your own chicken tacos, which comes on a giant plate with all kinds of fixings. The fixings were fresh, but the chicken was cold and dry, and the tortillas were dried out as well. For $14, it wasn't worth it. . After dinner we proceeded to play games, which entails shoving people to get through areas and waiting in line to play anything. . All in all, I didn't like my experience at Dave and Busters. I remembered it being a fun place to go and unwind as an adult. but between all the kids and the crappy service, can't recommend this place. If anyone asks me to go back, I may elect to stay home and poke my eyes with a fork.
4 ||| Not a cheap night out you will end up spending money here.  But it is busy fun entertaining and a good time out.  I ate dinner here and the food was great i also played pool and the arcade games.
3 ||| Dave and Buster's has to be split up into separate experiences to rate it. . . Dining: 2 stars. . I had a party of 20 coming in; I had called ahead of time, and arrived early. They immediately set up the table while about 4 of my friends and I waited; the hostess, after taking my name, never spoke to us again. She did not tell us when we could sit, how long it would be, or any other information. And then they made us wait for 75% of our party to show up before they would seat us. Mind you, there was no one else waiting, and the table was ready, and we were ready to order. But they didn't tell us this; I didn't even know why we were being forced to wait until I heard a supervisor whispering to the waitress about making us wait. I still have no idea why we were forced to wait. . . When my full party was finally seated, we were helped by two waiters who were perfectly polite and nice. BUT, our service was rather haphazard. People would order drinks and food, and get things at wildly different times. One person was done eating appetizers and drinks when another was just getting their first drink. I know there was chaos to a big party, but it got a little out of hand.. . The food is pretty standard American chain food, comparable to Appleby's and Chili's - not offensive, but nothing to knock your socks off. It has a decent selection, and a few good desserts and appetizers, and everything was competently prepared. Overall, it is a fine enough meal for a large group before going to enjoy the arcade at fairly reasonable prices, but some of the service standards are poor. In the future we will probably eat at one of the other restaurants in the area and then move over to D&B's for games.. . Bar: 1 Star. . Drinks are predictably expensive, but there is a wide variety. The problem is that about half of them don't even kind of resemble what is on the menu, and most don't have enough alcohol to even taste. Worse yet, while you can get a drink at the bar in the arcade, the staff is either completely non-interactive or just rude. You have to track them down, and then have a minimum of interaction before they stomp off like you ruined their life.. . Arcade: 4 Stars. . There are a lot of great games here to play, and many that are fun with groups or pairs. It is a great place for a large party, because you can mingle with all your friends playing many different very fun games. If you are a couple, there are also many great selections that everyone enjoys. The staff on the floor is helpful and fast to fix games that have problems, and are typically polite. The ticket prizes are cheap as expected, but kind of fun, and the people in the ticket shop were always nice and quick to help.. . . Overall: 3 Stars. . If you want to hang out here, I would suggest eating somewhere else, and then playing games and having fun here, but only order beer at the bar and don't expect a smile.
3 ||| Not really sure what to add.  So I'll bullet point my experience.. . - Expensive poorly made drinks. - Friendly but slow service. - Ok food considering (Had the Philly Steak and Cheese). - Over run with kids before 10 that seem to have zero adult supervision. - 15% of the games were out of order (Air Hockey, Big Bball Game, 1/2 of the skee ball, random other arcade machines). - Expensive games. - Fun time overall with the wife.
2 ||| Not being from the area, I traveled an hour to come here from Uniontown, PA. I was excited! I haven't been to this Dave and Buster's since I was younger and was ready to go back and play me some games! I went with my cousins, mind you, we hadn't ate all day and were very hungry. So, we decided to do the Eat & Play Combo, naturally. Here's where it gets bad. First of all, we get a very snobby hostess that shows us to our table. Then, we wait...and wait...and finally after about 25 mins we get a waitress. Her name was Ashley. We had plenty of time to decide what we wanted, so we quickly put our order in. Next, we were sitting and talking, waiting, we had empty glasses and our waitress had never even come around to see if we needed refills except for one time. She said she'd come back right away with our refills...yea, right. 20 mins later we get our refills. Mind you, our food still hasn't came yet. I see other people getting their food that had come in after us. I was frustrated. After waiting 45 mins for our food, I asked to speak with a manager. One of the servers who I asked replied rudely with "Well, he's really busy right now. I doubt he'll be able to come out and talk to you". Finally, 15 mins later...that's one hour, folks. We get our food. What do you think the next problem was? Yep, the food was cold. I was completely fed up at this point, and told my waitress how disappointed I was, especially after driving one hour just to have this terrible service. The manager never came to speak with me, and we didn't even receive our meals for free. The only compensation we got were $10 game cards. Woopty-doo. The only thing good about this place is the games, but the prizes you get for your tickets are all junk and worthless. So, in conclusion...I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE WATERFRONT DAVE AND BUSTERS OF HOMESTEAD, PA. It was horrible, and I will not be returning for a very long time!
1 ||| This place just plain sucks. Bad management lost them biz. Dumb arcade drama*. . * they have recently changed their under 21 policy so no one underage can even be in the arcade or restaurant after 10pm despite having a guardian over 30 years old
3 ||| i had fun here.. fun big kid games for me!!!. O.. But the bartender Melissa was a SUPER bitch and RUDE . Hope they fire her..
3 ||| First time at Dave & Buster's and although I didn't go for the games, I was slightly disappointed. I went with a group of girls for dinner and drinks. The service was slow but the food was decent. The portions were huge but they are priced slightly higher than the average chain.       . . We went before 9 pm and there were a ton of kids there on a Friday night. I do suggest if you want to avoid the children to go after 9.
3 ||| DAVE & BUSTERS!  It's a nice place to eat, have fun and drink!!  All ages can enjoy this place.  I was so EXCITED to hear them announce that after 10p, all children whether accompanied by a guardian or not had to go!  It made for a nice evening for adults only.  . . Everytime we go whether we play or not we enjoy ourselves.  I didn't give it FOUR STARS because every time I've went I haven't been able to eat in the restaurant area of there.  I know I still get the same food that everyone else does wherever you sit.  Sometimes, I like the nice relaxing atmosphere of the restaurant.  I haven't as of yet, been seated there.  . . Not to mention that the servers around the bar, are a little slow at responding to customers as well.  So all in all, D&B's is a good spot to stop at for food and entertainment.  Just don't expect to be seated in the restaurant portion, and expect to wait awhile for food service in the bar area.
3 ||| Was impressed by the new menu and new decor.   Our waitress was nice, knowledgeable and attentive.  However, the rest of the staff was less than stellar.  There was a power outage (less than one minute) while we were paying games (sunny and calm outside so not sure what happened). My family and I were playing a trivia game---we lost about ten dollars of credits and all our bonus tickets when the power resumed.   The games were down for about 20 mins after the outage and staff was not friendly when we inquired about what happened or when the games would be working again.  After the outage, two people in our groups could not get their power cards to work. When we asked staff for assistance they just brushed us off and said we must have been out of credits.  Kinda a bummer we lost so much money on (malfunction) game play tonight.
3 ||| A fun place and lots to do but a bit pricy. $20.00 will buy you a hundred points which will last you a little over an hour.I recommend the bowling game ,ball racing car game and connect 4 also there are several games that can be played in groups of 4
1 ||| Visited the Dave and Busters in Homestead, PA last night. Waitress mixed up our credit cards and gave my brothers credit card to someone else and he theirs. Charged them already too - both incorrectly My brother had to walk around and find out who it was. Waitress never apologized. GM was extremely rude and refused to give my brother his original receipt back saying they had thrown it out. DID NOTHING TO REMEDY the situation and ignored us the rest of our visit - not even a refill. After spending over $300 plus games, we will never go back. Whatever happened to the customer is always right? HORRIBLE service
5 ||| I love it!  Love it!
2 ||| My boyfriend and I are in our 20s, and have visited this D&B multiple times. After our visit yesterday, however, I don't think we'll be back. When we arrived we were greeted by a long line of people waiting to buy game cards. At first there were 2 extremely slow workers trying to do this, then one left while the line was still out the door! The girl that was left was more than incompetent, and was taking extremely long to fill these game cards. We stood in line for over 20 minutes before being told that there was another attendant in the actual game room. Needless to say, the line in the game room was just as long, and they still only had one girl in the booth. It was a Saturday! After we finally got our cards we had to wait yet again to get a beer. 2 bartenders on staff while the bar was completely full. It took us almost an hour before we actually could start gaming. The floors were filthy with trash, and the bathrooms: repulsive! I had to use the restrooms twice during our visit, and not only did both bathrooms I used have no toilet paper in them, but there was TP all over the floors, and the sinks were less than cleanly. My boyfriend mentioned that the guys restroom was no better, as it smelled like pee and the paper towel dispenser didn't work. All I have to say is get your crap together. We could see a difference in the type of crowed that was there on Saturday compared to what it used to be, and I'm I have no doubt it's due to the poor service and attention to cleanliness. For how expensive they are they need to staff better on weekends. It's a shame how quickly this place has gone down hill and we will NOT be returning anytime soon!
1 ||| Most of the games were out of order and I had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credits.  Apathetic service staff all around, the Peanut and I were really disappointed.  Won't be back.
3 ||| ehh, 3.5 -- I can't rate it super low because i do smile a lot during my visits. Speaking of that, I've been here a few times, but never wrote a review for D&B. . . I'm a kid at heart and honestly do enjoy the games. However, there have been multiple instances where I swiped my game card & it took my credits, but no game began. There have also been times that I won and no tickets were released. I guess nothing is perfect but it does happen atleast once a visit (each scenerio)  It's hard to find a worker walking around and for half-price games, you kind of just take your loss with the 1.3 credits for skee ball (hmph!). . The food- it really isnt anything too fancy. I've had okay food, but super long wait times for a simple chicken fingers & fries for example. It's your basic sandwiches, salads, appetizers & a few pastas. I believe all sandwiches & burgers are around $10 & served with fries.  You can get the Eat & Play deal which includes food from a specific menu + a game card. Besides the game card deal, if you wanted to make D&B a date night you might be better off heading to another place to eat in Waterfront for amazing food.. but to each their own.  Try it once I suppose. The brownie sundae that i devoured last night was satisfying (2 brownies, 2 scoops of ice cream.. one with chocolate syrup; the other with raspberry sauce & fresh strawberries. Oh & whip cream). . Drinks- pretty weak. We ordered 2 liquid maryjanes (2 each that is) which are filled with multiple shots of alchy & didn't really catch a buzz. Oh welllll. They do have a happy hour from 5-7pm. I'd go during that time for the best deal. I believe cocktails are half off & $3 off  bottles of wine. I've never seen anyone walking around with a wine glass though lol. . . The prizes- as others have noted, the prizes are a little cheap for the amount of tickets they "cost" However, it's cool to leave with a D&B coffee mug, cup or shot glass. Last night for 2500 tickets we decided on magnetic-style dart board (1,300?) a coffee mug, a D&B glass (our plastic one bit the dust) & a D&B coffee travel mug.. I might be missing a few odds & ends.. . Overall it's a fun time but can be pricey. It's best to head here Wednesday for half price games or get the Eat & Play deal while dining. . . I can't lie though, I find myself smiling ear to ear a few times within those 3 hours (woah, seemed longer than amount of time :D ) Speaking of which, in that time-frame we played 250 credits (cost= $40) but it was half-price games.
5 ||| Dave & Busters is a great experience  if you set your expectations realistically and carefully choose when you attend.. . The main squeeze and I always 1) use a survey receipt for buy $10 get $10 in free gameplay or 2) Attend on a Wednesday during the day (flexible work schedules). We'd never dream of eating there because we like healthy yuppie food. And we only drink cheap drafts OR drink cocktails during happy hour.. . Your visit is largely determined by time of day, expectations and whether or not you eat their food. If you come on a Friday night, the lines will be long. You'll pay $150 for the two of you to eat, drink and play for 3 hours and you'll be left with a very sour taste in your mouth.. . The staff is really excellent; any issue with a game not paying out tickets results in immediate help and extra tickets or a swipe for a different game from an employee. . . Note the "drinks are weak" reviews. Also notice it was people buying shots and ordering multiple drinks per person. That's typical white trash behavior. Bartenders here are savvy; they mirror the behavior of the guests. All of our drinks have been consistently strong and well put together because we're courteous and tip well. I have witnessed bartenders bypass tattooed, loud guests and address me and take my order first. This is rational, logical behavior. . . Also note the "prize center games suck" comments. You're supposed to stack tickets over multiple visits and use them on a big prize. Like life, delaying gratification nets you bigger returns. Every other visit I've seen someone walk out with a video game system (Wii, Xbox360 and even a few Xbox One's). . . The thing about Dave & Busters is the crowd changes depending on day of week and time of day. Sunday afternoon it's all families and Friday and Saturday night it's all drunk 20 somethings. The atmosphere changes and that's why the reviews are all over the place.. . This review is based on 8ish months of 1-3/monthly visits. Most visits are 5 stars, some are 4 stars.. . Using survey receipts for Buy Ten Get Ten, avoiding Wednesday, Friday or Saturday evenings (and Sunday afternoon, families) and avoiding the food entirely and drinking cheaply, you'll have a great experience for $25-40/person.. . I really enjoy the staff too, they split the difference between fun and professional. Special shout out to Riley, gave us info on possibly hosting a party there.
1 ||| To keep it short and sweet: Save yourself $100. Buy a good board game, your alcohol of choice, order a pizza, and invite your friends over. . . What an incredible disappointment. After seeing the enticing commercials so many times, we decided to give this place a try on a double date. I understand the prices of the play cards and won't dispute them; however, the food was incredibly over-priced, came out COLD (as in, sat on a counter without warmers for a minimum of 30 minutes) and I literally had to ask the bartender if there was any vodka in my drink. It was pure juice. $38 for three shots that had little-no alcohol in them. (Not to mention, my glass was dirty, and I saw the bartender scoop the glass into the ice basin because she was too lazy to use the sanitary scoop. I know the Food and Beverage Commission would be as disappointed as I was.) The service was terrible. Don't ask for anything from your waiter, as they are a little too busy on their cell phones or conversing amongst themselves. . . Was it fun to be in an adult-themed arcade? Yes. If you're looking for a good atmosphere to go with friends to play games, I suppose I would advise you give it a shot. I would never recommend their food, customer service, or drinks. Save yourself the money and stay home, or go for a traditional bowling, figure skating, roller-blading, rock climbing, basically any other physically-entertaining themed date instead.
4 ||| I still love this place!  I spent my 36th birthday at D&B's and it was a wise decision!  i had so much fun, and so did my guest!  I got a very attentive serving staff, and met up with many helpful servers!  I believe that service has improved, so I bumped this restuarant up to 4 stars!  No five stars yet, because I've still as of yet to eat in the restuarant portion of it!  It's still worth the visit, and is a lot of fun for a reasonable price!
3 ||| My wife and I went here around 10pm on a Saturday night. The food was not spectacular, about the same quality that you'd get at an Applebee's or some place similar -- good but not great.  My steak was tough, but my wife enjoyed hers. Staff was relatively unorganized (we ate at a table next to the bar), and had to wait awhile for a server. Food was prompt.
5 ||| After having a few 'less than memorable' trips to D&B in years past, my wife and I  decided to go back for a Pittsburgh Happy Hour Anniversary party this past Thursday.  Pgh Happy Hour is a facebook group of friends that like to check out new 'watering holes' every thursday and it's run by a guy that seems to party 24/7 while still holding down a very lucrative full time job.  . . Anyway- Pgh HH was celebrating an anniversary and chose D&B for the location.  The D&B staff set up the back 'pool room' with complimentary,  enormous spread of appetizers with dips and kept refilling them when they got low.  Our server, Carla, was very attentive and friendly- making sure we were aware of the specials and checking back often when our glasses got to the half way point.  The other server back there was working equally as hard but I never got the chance to get her name.  . . I had been here one other time for an organized happy hour for a past employer and remember very similar service but I never got the chance to give them any credit.  I think D&B is an awesome place when you need some space for your next event.
2 ||| Ok! Let me tell you about my bad experience first. I went to D&B last night for a post wedding party - which, side note, is a great idea!. . It was around midnight and the bar wasn't really populated. There were three bartenders and only one was actually making rounds to see if anyone needed anything. The two other bartenders were chatting on the far side of the bar that no one was sitting at. Kind of counter productive if you ask me. . . I stood there for about 5 minutes, which for a busy bar is fine but when I am the only one with my card out then, it just seems a little ridiculous. I made eye contact with the one girl twice and gave her a smile and she literally turned away. I finally had to walk to them to get their attention.  I was standing right in front of them smiling and they didn't ask if i need anything. I finally said, "Are you working?" and they gave each other a weird look. I felt like i was the crazy one. I asked for a beer/got the beer.. . In between that time, the other bartender brought food over and set it down. She took a fry from the plate (right in front of me) and then served it to someone on the other side of the bar. What the hell! I felt like i was in some grimy bar in out in the sticks - not an established D&B. . . I was just really turned off from that experience. . . The good is that D&B provides a different type of entertainment when you want to mix things up. I remember going here with my grandparents when I was a kid and it was the best treat ever! We would eat at the restaurant and then spend hours playing games. This place holds some really good memories for me. . . It's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it.
3 ||| Its fun, but much smaller than some of the others I've visited.  Its clean, staff is friendly and its a good way to waste time before a movie. They do have good  food. Gets a 3 stars because I get bored easily at this location.
2 ||| I used to love D&B when it first opened in the Waterfront, but it has gone down hill over the years. The games are not as fun and do not give you as many tickets and the prizes have gotten cheaper in quality. It takes a whole heck of a lot of tickets for you to even get a pencil! The atmosphere is okay but it used to be so much better with the funnest games and diverse groups of people! Now, it is run down and many of the games are app related games (Fruit Ninja) and 3D Experience rides. With such "games", you can't even earn tickets and they take a lot of tokens! Last time I went, back in the winter, many of the games were broken, which made for a negative player experience. I would go to D&B to play some games again in the future, but it is no longer one of my favorite places to go due to the decline of fun games where you can earn tickets.
1 ||| I was here on 10/3 and I have to say this was a horrible experience.  Me and a friend went here to eat and play a couple games afterwards.  It took the waitress at least 10-15 minutes to greet us and by that time we knew we should just order then because we might not see her again.  We ordered and got our drinks and well let's just say we didn't see the waitress again until she was giving us our check (some manager delivered the food to the table).  No refill on my beverage, no how is your food, no ketchup for my burger or fries was offered.  Lots of people running around like crazy and if your understaffed hire more people!  I will not be back again to eat.
4 ||| I'll have a biased opinion of any place like this. What could be wrong with playing old and new school games, drinking, and eating all at the same place? The one thing I can think of is the price. On the surface, this is a pretty expensive place; however, they give a bunch of good deals depending on the time you go, whether or not you "donate" money to the Make-a-Wish Foundation, and if you're lucky when you take a spin on the wheel of prizes! But honestly, know what the deals are before you go to make sure to get the best price available. . In regards to the games, there's a plethora for your enjoyment. Although it is nice to play games that spit out tickets, the last couple of times I've gone I've gotten 2 hours of arcade games for a very cheap price (Mario Kart, anyone?!). Either way, it's a really fun place that you'll most certainly have a good time at.
5 ||| First off, let me say that I find the people who usually work at Dave and busters usually don't care or seem to be angry and hate their job. A friend and I went here and found that a couple of the machines ran out tickets and someone was always there and happy to help. The staff went out of their way to make sure we had a good time. The manager Tony was very sweet and made sure everything was ok. Every staff member we talked to was extremely nice. This is by far the best Dave and busters I've had been to!
2 ||| My sister and law wanted to go here for lunch so all the kids could play games after we all had some lunch together. This place is huge and was moderately clean except the bathrooms. All of the food looked great on the 16 page menu. When our food came though, everything was below average. They have a huge selection of games for the kids to play, but you pay dearly to play games here. The food is  overpriced and the drinks are drastically overpriced.
3 ||| Rock Bottom Brewery in Homestead is always a good time.  They brew their own semi-micro brew here and generally have as many as eight brews to chose from.  Saturday night C and I stopped by to have a little dinner and enjoy some of their frosty beverages.  . . Our first issue of the night was getting to Rock Bottom.  As the restaurant is located in Homestead, a trip across the Hi Level Bridge was in order.  Little did we realize that the bridge was under construction and it took nearly 40 minutes to get across it.  Upon arriving at the restaurant we were presented with the task of finding a place to park which proved to be a daunting task.  This place was absolutely packed due to several locations sharing a parking lot.  After we got inside, our wait was about 45 minutes but luckily we were able to find a seat inside the packed bar while we waited.. . The food at Rock Bottom is quite tasty, but it is all pretty standard bar fare with the nachos and burgers leading their menu.  They also have entrees such as steaks, but this place is not exactly known for their high class food products.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and we quickly determined that this would not be your average plate of nachos in a bar.. . Our order consisted of a plethora of items from their appetizer menu including Chicken Nachos, Quesadillas and Ball Park Pretzels.  We had planned on splitting a meal for dinner, but by the time the appetizers arrived, we knew we had way too much food in front of us. . . The nachos were on a gigantic plate and piled high with cheese, sour cream, guacamole and shredded chicken.  Containing just the right amount of jalapenos they had a nice little kick as well.  In much the same way, the quesadilla was much more than an appetizer portion.  With shredded meats and cheeses overflowing from the tortilla, there was enough food here for a two person entree.  The Ball Park Pretzels are the reason we come to this place.  They are always so light and soft with just the right amount of salt.. . As far as the beers are concerned, I ordered up the sampler so that I could get a taste of the various brews.  They make a wide assortment of brews, from the Bud Lightesque "Lumpy Dog" to a dark "Brew masters Choice."  I found many of the beers to be quite tasty, however, nothing exactly special about them.  I would be that a taste test would find one hard pressed to chose the Rock Bottom brew over any off the shelf six pack.  Don't get me wrong - still excellent brews, but I would expect more from a place that claims to be a brewery.. . I give it 3 out of 5 Rinsem's due to the lack of originality in the brews and the amount of traffic involved with getting in and out of the place.
1 ||| Horrible beer, horrible service, horrible menu
2 ||| SUMMARY:. If I was in the area and no one had a better suggestion for where to go, I might come back for beer and appetizers.. . GOOD:. - Decent beer.... - Original pretzel appetizer.  You take chunks of soft pretzel and dunk it in spinach cheese dip.. - Huge portions.  Most of us had leftovers.  The RB Appetizer Sampler was multi-story and way more food that we could handle.  The half order of ribs looked like a full rack.. - Attentive service with quick seating and frequent drink/water refills.. - Amusing name.. . BAD:. - Lots of food choices... burgers... steak... chicken... salads.  Lots of drink choices... beers... wines... mixed drinks.  I guess this could be seen as good, but it takes a while for everyone to pick something and since no one's awesome at everything, you could tell right away that nothing distinguishes this place.. - None of the food was super awesome.  Nothing was awful, but nothing stood out in any way.  I've had better beer, appetizers, and a better main course at plenty of breweries.. - Kind of dead on a Monday night with 3/4 of the place empty.. . Come if you want bar food, but keep your expectations low.
5 ||| I am a big fan of Rock Bottom.. There are several dishes that are MONEY.. Appetizer:  Seared Ahi, Spinach Artichoke Dip. Entree :      Fire Steak, Pub Tips or Chicken Fried Chicken.. Desert :      Carrot Cake (to die for). Bar food:     Pizza or ball park pretzels.  Both of which are sprayed with brown ale.  . Half the menu is really good, the other half is great.  . The beer is good.  Ask for the sampler!  They usually have a velvet and something on cask.  Ask for one of those if you are looking for something different.  They will also have a scotch ale, an IPA, whiskey stout or other specialty depending on the mood of the brewer (which, if its still Matt, the mood is GRUMPY).   If Andy is still working there, he is sure to please and Molly is great in the cocktail area.. Head over to Sing Sing after dinner and its a wrap.. I used to work there several years ago and I make it a point to hit every RB I possibly can.. Don't go to the one in Charlotte though, its not really a Rock Bottom.
1 ||| My friends got everyhing from steak(they didn't even get a well done steak right) to mahi tacos and the only great menu item was the seasoned vegetables- give it a miss. Sing sing next door is awesome but get dinner somewere else. After we were done the waiter asked if we were ready for the checks and I had ordered meal that came with a desert! Really dissapointing all around.
3 ||| everytime i come here i stick with the nachos add chicken add side of guac and i've never been dissappointed.  i sit in the bar, grab a drink or 2 and eat those nachos.  the bar has a pool table and plenty of flatscreens.  rock bottom is a chain but it's one of the better chains in the area.  i'll pass on chili's or friday's and come to rock bottom instead.  oh and typically i walk over to target - work off some of those nachos.
3 ||| Little slow on the service and didn't have the beer I wanted on the menu. But you get those things when they brew their own beers on-site.   But the stadium pretzels are good.  The cream stout is tasty.. . The burgers are good and big with the little skinny fries.  I'm not a fan of the skinny fry, but hey the burgers would choke a horse - and almost did.  :o)
4 ||| Pretty good! Excellent beer sampler - bargain!  Veggie burger awesome. Onion rings awesome. Fried Mac n cheese was delicious - crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside. Carrot cake was monstrously huge and delicious.
4 ||| First off, I will say that I just moved here from California and was a big patron at the Rockbottom in Long Beach. I came to the Homestead location last night eager to see the beer at this location.. . Now, Rockbottom is a chain brewery, so a lot was the same... the menu, the food prices (yet beer is cheaper, and I am fine with that). I have always found their food to be pricey, but they use excellent ingredients and it has always been tasty and filling so I am fine with that. The food here was just as good as the Long Beach location, so I have no problem with the chef at all.. . Service was good, our waitress was very friendly and helpful. I wish that they had asked us if we wanted to sit in the bar since happy hour was still going, but that isn't a big thing. Went to the bar to get a drink and had to wait awhile to get the bartender's attention, but he was very friendly and I got a nice welcome from him and others at the bar when they learned I had just moved here... I really enjoyed that.. . Beer: We got the beer sampler to try the whole list... and, well... I found the dark beers a bit lacking in comparison. The light beer and the wheat were amazing, very impressed. The pale was ok, as was the velvet pale that was one of the specials of the night... but both were way too citrusy. The Uppity IPA was very good... I don't usually like IPAs because the hops overpowers all flavor but the brewer had a good balance. Still, couldn't do a whole glass. I felt the Imperial Stout had a bitter burned taste that was overpowering... I almost want to say the batch had too much chocolate malt in it (not ice cream malt, for the non-homebrewers). The brown and amber were decent, but bland. I ended up getting an actual glass of the light beer and was able to finish it all without forcing it.... one point up on Long Beach, who had a good light but the aftertaste got to you before the glass was empty.. . I REALLY wanted to try the Das Gut Dopplebock, but they were out. Looks like they will have it in bottles to go soon so I hope I can catch that. Also want to try the Snow Moon Belgian.. . Verdict: While I was not too impressed with the dark beers, I found the lighter ones very good and I look forward to trying the other seasonal beers. It is a good hour drive south to get there, so I won't be going too often, but I will be back.
3 ||| Even since Rock Bottom opened (7 years ago???) I have always thought it was a dance club.  I am not really sure why but I thought it was along the same line as (throw back) Hi-Tops but I did. I think I always thought this place was a club because of the behemoth size of the space. . . Well I was out with a friend and we needed a place to go before a show at the Improv and Rock Bottom was close. . . Part of this is my fault...I always order "healthy" items at places that specialize is greasy bar food...then I am upset when the meal isn't 5 star.  . . I started off with one of their wheat beers, it was alright. I nursed it all through dinner so I don't think I was head over heels in love with it.  I got the Catch of the Day, Off the Hook, Fish Dish, Sailors Delight or something(I forget it had some cheesy fish themed name).  It was cod (meh, that should have been the sign not to get it) with roasted asparagus and lemon rice.  The fish was suppose to be broiled but it had a thick breading (annoyed) and the portion of fish was tiny. The rice and asparagus were great though. . . My friend got a chicken sandwich which he enjoyed although the fries were pathetic.  The fries were probably pre-cut frozen fries or just very poorly executed.  They were so thin that you have to grab a huge handful just to get any actual potato flavor.. . Pros: A lot of tables (no wait), brew special beers, big menu, could hear the dueling piano bar next door. . Cons: Place was fairly empty and we got a crappy table by the door when it was 5 degrees outside, most of the food was fried, cheese filled, cream based, or wrapped in bacon.  I know some people love to eat food like this all the time( I do every once in awhile) but if you eat out a lot you can't always get the spin dip, burger, and ice cream sundae.  (I would love to but its just not in my cards). I do like like when causal places offer some healthy options.
3 ||| Went with a group after work for dinner and a brew.  We ordered a few appetizers first.  The wings are good and the soft pretzels with spicy spinach cheese dip was fun.  Had a burger, you can create your own from veggie, turkey, or fresh ground beef. Had a fresh ground beef and the meat was fresh and cooked perfectly with a fresh bun.. . The brew pub is nice and was surprised it wasn't busier.
4 ||| Beer selection was good, but they were out of the ones we wanted. 4 of the 6 people in our group ordered steaks all of them were cooked to their satisfaction. The bourbanzola was a good addition. Defiantly a place I would go again. Joe, our server, was awesome and super friendly.
4 ||| We've all had this happen to us - you go past a place one hundred times and never go on. Then, once you finally do, you realize how many opportunities you wasted!. . Rock Bottom is definitely a solid bar. As a microbrewery, their beer list is full of house brews. There are better beers in the world, but there are a lot of worse beers out there, too. . . What really makes Rock Bottom standout, though, is the food. My girlfriend and I shared an order of nachos, and it took everything we had to finish them. They also make a mean soft pretzel. . . The Waterfront may not be the most convenient thing to do while in Pittsburgh, but no trip to the Waterfront, is complete without a bite and a drink at Rock Bottom.
5 ||| I would have to say I'm pretty partial to Rock Bottom, I have been going almost every Thursday for the past 3 years because of the fantastic "Team Trivia". My friends and I love the atmosphere, the DJ (Todd), and the service that we get at Rock Bottom. . . Every week when we go a menu is never needed because we pretty much know everything we want on it, except for when the change the menu from time to time and we get to have a special treat with something new! . . As an avid Rock Bottomer, hands down I have never in my life had a better spicy spinach cheese dip than I have had here at Rock Bottom. Whether I have eaten dinner or not before I come down to the restaurant, my favorite and my food of choice is the ENORMOUS Ball park pretzels with the cheese dip. It is a meal itself! The mixture of onions, cheese, spinach and tomatoes is perfection! . . Another favorite of mine is the Barbecue Chicken Pizza, it has a great kick to it and it's big enough for two people. . . The service has always been super great and now since we go often we have developed a great relationship with some of the wait staff. . . A truly great place to have fun with friends and meet new people! . . Come to Team Trivia every Thursday at 8pm!
4 ||| Rock Bottom on Thursday nights is the place to be. Team Trivia starts at 8pm and it is free to play. The DJ (Todd) is great. . . The food is good, but the Ball Park Pretzels with Spicy Spinach Cheese dip is the best. The wait staff is generally pleasant and on top of things, a few servers are excellent. I am not a beer drinking so I haven't tried the microbrews but the mixed drinks I've had have been good and a few of thier specials perfect. . . On nights that are not trivia nights, Rock Bottom is quiet and a good place for a small to medium party. Larger parties will usually be split into two tables. . . Overall, an enjoyable place at which I am a regular.
4 ||| So I have not been to one of these in awhile since I normally have an aversion to chain restaurants, but since I was with colleagues on travel for work and they chose this place I went along. . . First surprise: decent beer.  I remembered the normal RB Brewery beers were not much to write home about but they had a couple of new styles, including a very good imperial IPA that for $5/glass cannot be beat.  Second surprise: pretty tasty food with a lot more healthy options than I expected.  Recommend the summer salad and the ahi tuna - both were great. . . Service was a little slow (not sure why) so a 4-star review is downgraded to 3.5. I'll be back next time I'm in Pittsburgh for work.
4 ||| The beer is good. Their light beer, Lumpy Dog, is very good-- doesn't taste like a light beer. When I was pregnant I became quite a fan of their root beer floats, too.. . As others have noted, the pretzels are really good. I'm not a fan of the spinach dip but my husband likes it. Veggie burgers are always good, too, though the staff sometimes seems confused when you order, say, the bourbonzola burger with a veggie burger. Long, long ago, when I used to go to the Rock Bottom in Boston, there was a hot mushroom / sundried tomato / cheese dip on the menu that was fantastic... if they resurrect that I will gladly add another star!
2 ||| I always feel like I am constantly bashing breweries for their food, but in my opinion, I feel the bar is raised for places like this. It seems there are so many breweries out there that offer great beer, and slack off on the food. Unfortunately Rock Bottom is one that falls into that category. Let's be honest, when you go to a brewery, you want the full experience. If it was only about the beer, I'd go buy a growler and take it home. . . So, about the beer....EXCELLENT!!!!! The Jagoff IPA is with out a doubt one of the best IPAs I have ever had! They only I can think of that I think is better is Dogfish Head, but that's a matter of opinion. The beer selection is constantly changing, and they always have some excellent seasonal beers. You can't go wrong, there's bound to be a beer everyone will like. . . As for the food.......it's pretty much a crap shoot. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's terrible. My biggest problem is there is absolutely no consistency when it comes to the food. One time it's perfect, then maybe it's cold, or it's burned, or it tastes completely different from the last time you had it. Unfortunately, it seems there is zero attention to food quality. . . That's pretty much it. This place fixes it's food consistency, and it's a five star place. Till then, it's hit or miss!
3 ||| I was SO ready to like this place!  Turns out, not so much.  It was okay.  No better than TGIFridays, but better than Eat n Park!  The deets.. . The hubster and I were here on a Saturday evening after a show at the Improv so we were happy and in a good mood and ready to enjoy some good eats.  We ordered drinks.  He a wheat beer of their brewing, me my fave Bloody Mary with Absolut Peppar.  The hubster deemed the beer acceptable, but wouldn't go out of his way to come back just for another one....yes, he DID order another one "just to be sure."  My Bloody sucked.  Watered down tomato juice with no discernible Peppar of any kind, let alone any other seasonings.  Even a good standard mix would have been better.  Our very efficient and friendly waitress took it back and watched while it was remade by the other bartender.  Nope, no better at all.  That went back and I went with a you-can't-screw-it-up Amaretto sour.  It was fine.. . Hub ordered a Reuben - why, I'll never know because they simply never measure up to the gold standard of what used to be at the long-lamented Gazebo in Shadyside.  You younguns wouldn't have a clue of the establishment of which I speak.  He said this one was "fine."  I had the Texas Fire steak with jalapeno butter which I enjoyed very much!  Packed a punch of heat and flavor, but the sides were uninspired.  Steamed veggies.  Any flavor was steamed out in the process - eh.  Cheddar mashed potatoes - there was cheddar in there?????  No way!. . The tab was reasonable - we DID have a Living Social deal that took $30 off, so our check was for $12 and change, not including tip.  Not bad (even with the $15 cost of the LS Deal), but had we paid full price, it wouldn't have been worth the experience.  We'll hit the Improv again - we have before - but, we'll head somewhere else afterwards.
2 ||| I must admit, I do like the brews.  I also like the white cheddar mash potatoes.  Other than that, meh.  The food is pretty forgettable.  Another "brewery" that sadly fails to be anything special in the food department.  With the restaurants upping the ante on 8th Ave, you may want to kick it up a notch Rock Bottom.  But how would anyone know to?  It's a chain.  Whomp whomp!
1 ||| For a brewery who is attempting to take advantage of Oktoberfest you wonder how at 7 pm they could be out of mashed potatoes & sauerkraut then a sausage platter with sweet mustard guess they have not been to Germany. Not worth $5.95 unfortunately the sausage platter was $15.95.
3 ||| Dined in twice, food ok, atmosphere good.
4 ||| I've always been pleasantly surprised with the food I've gotten at Rock Bottom.  I say "surprised' because with any restaurant that falls into the slippery territory of a "chain", you expect to find your fair share of culinary duds.  But I've really had a lot of good meals at Rock Bottom.  Now, granted, you do owe it to yourself when ordering to not forget where you are (a "bar-straunt" if you will), and don't get anything above and beyond this place's call of duty.  For instance, I will never be ordering the ahi tuna.  I'll leave that to my favorite sushi bars and restaurants a bit closer to the water (the Mon doesn't count.....).. . But besides that, I always really enjoy my meal choices.  I've recently gotten the chicken avocado sandwich.  Chicken was grilled perfectly, plenty of avocado, and it was a good sized sandwich without being excessive.  I've also ordered the Margherita pizza, which could definitely be split between two people.  It's an eight cut that comes to you on a big wooden pizza paddle.  The pizza was really great.  The crust was crispy, it had a good balance of cheese and tomatoes, and the basil pesto was fresh and tasty.  And not greasy whatsoever - BIG bonus points there.  But my biggest surprise as of late was when I ordered their chicken flautas.  I'm a HUGE Mexican food fan and always hesitate to order Mexican outside of a Mexican restaurant for fear of being disappointed.  But I had an insatiable craving one night and decided to go for it.  It was DELICIOUS.  The flautas are deep fried which gives you an amazing crunch, and they still managed to not dry out the inner ingredients.  The accompanying rice was nice and moist as well.  I was so happy!. . I've always been quite happy with the service there as well.  I go on Thursday evenings for trivia, and nine times out of ten the service is really spot on.  The ladies servicing the bar area are friendly and attentive.  Only once or twice, to my memory, has my service been sub-par, and that can usually be chalked up to an extremely packed Trivia Night with only two visible servers helping 50+ people.. . I definitely give Rock Bottom two thumbs up for taking your typical chain-found food and making it fresh, yummy, and worth coming back for more.
2 ||| I went to Rock Bottom this past weekend, and it was "nice" to see that nothing has changed in the year or two since my last visit. While the beer is pretty good, it has never outweighed the fact that the service isn't good and the food is average, at best.. . It was even difficult to get beers at the bar...we tried to have the girls order, thinking they'd have better luck...when that failed, the men tried...that didn't work either. If we hadn't REALLY wanted a cold beer after a comedy show at The Improv, we would've just left. It definitely wasn't busy enough to be noticed and ignored by the bartender, so I can't overlook it. Of course, the service has always been spotty at Rock Bottom, so it was hardly surprising.. . Combine the weak food and poor service with Rock Bottom being too far from home for a night out just to drink, and you get the exact formula that's kept me from going there in the past...and will keep me from going often in the future.
4 ||| Happy hour at Rock Bottom, 2 thumbs up!  Good prices, the pizza is delicious, drinks are a few dollars off the regular price, good service, and the atmosphere is always casual and fun.
3 ||| The only reason Rock Bottom gets 3 stars is because of the brews. Food was "eh", not many vegetarian options and hostesses who will ignore you because they are too busy chatting about who didn't text them back. This place has the potential to be great, but sadly, it falls way too short in almost all areas.
3 ||| Watch the fat girls in here. They will try to steal your buddys chair in a sec if he goes to the bathroom & then the indignent fat girl had to get yelled at in front of everyone w/ in ear shot. Everything else including the burger & beers I devoured was excellent.
4 ||| Rock Bottom was our first stop on a 17 mile pub crawl.  As expected, the bar was lively, the food was good, and the service was accommodating,  The beers are better than Church Brew Works and the bar was populated.  The bartender readily offered a taste of beer and gave us a hat to wear for the rest of the crawl.  . I vote for Rock Bottom as the anchor store of the Water Works.
4 ||| I haven't been to Rock Bottom in years.  Maybe even decades...is that even possible?  Well, either way, it's been awhile.  So with my gift certificate I took my brother out for a birthday dinner.  . . As I get older, my tolerance for things like crowds and youngsters gets lower and lower.  As a result, I told my brother to be ready by 4pm so we could head to the Waterfront before everyone goes out for date night.  Plus the Pirates were playing at 4:05 so we could enjoy our beers and the game.. . When we arrived, the bar side was already pretty packed but we were still able to get a table.  Our server was very attentive, friendly and helpful.  Right off the bat we both ordered samplers so we could try all of their beers.  We loved the fact that as she approached our table with a full tray of samples our server said, "I have to go back for the rest."  In all we were served 10 different beers each (in 3 oz glasses, maybe 4 - I can never tell).  I gotta say, Rock Bottom knows their beer.  I liked more than I didn't, and very few were not to my liking.  So the $6.95 10 beer sampler was well worth it.  . . During our sampling we indulged on some Southwest Egg Rolls.  They were okay, but not quite what I expected.  The spicy ranch was top notch, though.  As we ran out of beer, we each ordered up a Kobe Burger.  They were both cooked exactly to our liking (medium).  And to top off our wonderful evening, the Pirates brought home a win!. . My only complaint, as a beer drinker, is the cost for a growler.  The glass container itself is sold for $12.95.  That's the empty price.  To me, that's a little ridiculous when East End only charges $3 for the bottle and Penn Brewery $5.  Paying more for the bottle than the beer inside seems like insanity to me.  So I walked out empty handed.    But it won't deter me from returning.
5 ||| Fish tacos were excellent!! Great brewed beers on tap as well!!!!!!
4 ||| I very much enjoyed my first visit here. I got the Turkey Meatloaf and it was really tasty. It's more sausage than turkey. The cheesy mashed potatoes were excellent. The star of the night was the appetizer, the artichoke and crab dip. It was awesome. My only complaint was I ordered a Red Ale and they were out. I had the Curmudgeon instead and it was very good, but still.
2 ||| Slow service. Below average food . Ill pass
4 ||| First time I was here I had chicken quesadilla's and they were bad.  We went again last weekend. I had the chicken avacod sandwich.  It was very good.  No fat in the chicken.  Just a mess to eat, but still awesome.   Also had the chocolate stout cupcake, it was amazing.
4 ||| Thanks to the staff here. For being so friendly and. Cool with our whole mess*. . *rock bottom allowed our bachelorette party to eat and drink and hang after dave and busters orphaned us
4 ||| Went to Rock Bottom for lunch the other day and was very pleased. My coworker had printed out a coupon for a free mini appetizer. The waitress told us that they were not making mini appetizers and gave us a full sized chicken quesadilla. If you have ever had the southwestern egg rolls from Chili's - the filling tasted like that and I am a big fan! . . Mondays are half off burger days and I tried the just hot enough burger - topped with crispy jalapenos, pepper jack cheese, pico de gallo and housemade habanero ketchup. It was delish! The ketchup was so good and the fries were extremely crispy. . . The prices are a little steep for lunch but if you go on Monday, it's totally worth it. I think that the quality of food more than makes up for it but don't expect for pay under $10 for a sit down. . . I felt that the staff was very nice and the waitress was very attentive. The service was quick and I think you can get in and out in under an hour.
2 ||| Rock Bottom is a chain brew pub one that, in my opinion, is just "OK".  The restaurant is rather large with lots of seating and a pool table. They have many of their own brews that you can sample but to tell you the truth none of them are that good. I have had several of their beers and all of them have been forgettable. . . Their food is pretty much like their beers, forgettable. I have had one of their burgers and their pizza and they really weren't anything to write home about.. . I feel they will impress those who have never been to a brew pub but I would probably describe them as the Chili's of Brew Pubs. If you are in homestead and are looking for a burger and a beer it might be a good choice for a bite, or at least until the Burgatory opens!
2 ||| Went here last night to meet folks for a friend's birthday party. Docking one star due to a few unfortunate things that happened, otherwise I'd be fine giving this place a 3.. . Our waiter was very attentive and kept our water and soda cups refilled, the food was decent overall - I had a plain ol' burger and a delicious berry sangria - and the place overall had a nice vibe to it and was pretty comfortable and fun to be in...you'd think this would just be another average place not-great-but-not-bad and I'd be ready to go on to the next review right there.. . Here's where I ran into problems. I'd checked the website in advance to try and plan my meal since I do my best to pick items on menus that aren't, say, 2,000 calories in one sitting. Their website advertises that they make skinny drinks; when I asked my waiter he said it was possible but that they did not normally do this and that it's a hassle for the people at the bar, so he didn't recommend it. Then why tell us on your website that you'll do it??? . . Additionally, while we had checked in advance when we made our reservation about bringing a birthday cake and the restaurant's ability to handle us lighting candles, apparently there was a break down in communication; we never got the candles we had asked for, and in fact the poor waiter struggled to even find a lighter before realizing there were no candles available. Obviously whatever error occurred wasn't the waiter's fault, and we definitely thanked him and tipped him well for doing the best that he could with what he had..  . On a final note, this is also one of those places where if you ask for a medium rare burger, they will overcook it; I've started ordering medium rare on purpose specifically so that I get a medium cooked burger instead of medium well or well done.. . Final verdict: go for the brews if you must, and the food's nice enough. I was admittedly left a little underwhelmed.
4 ||| Mostly come here for the beer and sports. Fun place!
3 ||| Nothing special. Just like Applebee's, Chili's or Fridays. Stick to the bar food (burgers, sandwiches, pizza, wings and salads) and you will be okay. . . This was our second attempt at trying Rock Bottom on Fathers Day. The first time almost ten years ago. We went in the early afternoon and they had already ran out of steaks. How do you do that on Fathers Day?! This time we went around 12 noon and beat the rush.. . My wife got and loved the Berry Bash Sangria. She just said it had too much ice in it. Our daughter got the root beer float which she love and I started with a Mango Ice Tea, but later switched for a raspberry ice tea as the mango ice tea wasn't sweet enough.. . We started off the the Kobe beef sliders as our app. It took at least 15 minutes to get them. You get three sliders and they were very good.. . My wife got a small greenhouse salad with Jalapeno ranch dressing to start off with which she enjoyed and the lobster & shrimp enchiladas as her main entree. She complained about how salty it was and the fact that there was no lobster in it at all.. . Our daughter got the kids burger and fries. No surprise there.. . I ordered the New York Strip with mashed potatoes and it came with green bean as well. My strip was cooked perfectly and has a decent taste. Longhorn has a much, much better quality of steak though. The green beans were pretty good and my mashed potatoes very bland and pretty average. . . The kitchen sounded like an live episode of Hell's Kitchen. The waiters were repeatedly asking for orders at least 5 to 6 times. The kitchen was backed up the whole time we were there.. . On a different note, our waitress Susan was very good. Come here for drinks and the bar food. Skip everything else.
4 ||| I go to Rock Bottom pretty often for dinner or their awesome beer, so I was really really excited to have my bridal shower there.  My maid of honor reserved the banquet room which was very nice and separated from the rest of the restaurant.  My MOH and mother said that the person they talked to about reservations and arrangements was wonderful and easy to get in touch with.  My shower was wonderful, the wait staff was great and kept everyone's glasses full.  It started pouring down rain and they let us stay a little longer so my gifts wouldn't get wet when taking them out to the car.  The only reason this place gets 4 stars is because we were not allowed to take our leftover food from the buffet home.  There was salmon, chicken, potatoes, and mac and cheese left over and they told us we couldn't box it up.  Not sure why- they can't re-serve it!  It would have just gone to waste!. . Also, not at all related to the shower, their trivia night is super fun!
5 ||| Southwest Egg rolls and Fish tacos. Mmmmmmmmm. Ohh and the AMAZING Brews!
5 ||| I rarely give a business a superior rating, but I have to say my wife and I had one of the best dining experiences at the Rock Bottom Brewery.   The food was delicious,  the beer, every recipe sampled,  was amazing and the service was wonderful.  The staff made us feel like we were the most important guests in the restaurant. . . Please support this business.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
4 ||| I'm giving 4 stars mostly because of the beer....large selection & decent prices.   The food is pretty good, but nothing to rave about.  The menu has a good variety, and everything I've tried has been good.  Portions are large.  . . One side of the restaurant is the bar & bar atmosphere....with several TV's & 2 pool tables.  It's very wide open with extremely high ceilings.  The other side is more for families or people who aren't concerned about watching sports.  In general, it has a relaxed atmosphere.  I've always had quick & friendly service.  . . I love the whole Waterfront area....so much to do!
4 ||| I'm not much of a beer drinker, but my fiancee is a major enthusiast, so I agreed to tag along.  I'm glad I did!  Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the extensive house-brewed beer selection, and helped me to pick one I would love (the kolsch was very crisp, light, and drinkable.)  The food was standard pub fare with a twist, well-executed.  My burger was topped with onion petals and gorgonzola, and cooked to perfection.  The waitress recommended their macaroni and cheese for a side, which was definitely a good choice.  My only complaint is that most of the food was rather heavy, and I spent the rest of the night wallowing on the couch.  Not sure I would make the hour+ trip to Pittsburgh again, but if I found myself in the city, I may just stop by.
3 ||| Tom and I decided to try this place out before catching a late movie on a Saturday night. He is a beer buff, and neither of us had ever been there, so we gave it a go.. . We walked in around 8pm and we were told that there would be an hour long wait. We put our names on the list and went shopping around the area. About 25 minutes later, our table was ready. Parking was a cluster since the lot is shared with Dave & Busters and a karaoke bar called Sing Sing. Tom dropped me off at the door so I could secure our table.. . Our server, Jackie, approached me almost immediately and brought two waters to the table to start. She was very attentive and funny, and probably the best part of our experience at the restaurant. Tom ordered a Red Ale and to his surprise, didn't care for it. Jackie gave Tom three free samples of beers she thought he would like after talking to him about his beer drinking habits. He loved all three, and chose the most bizarre (and expensive) beer. Jackie switched the Red Ale to the beer of Tom's choice, and charged us for the less expensive beer. Very nice of her!. . We started out with the Ball Park Pretzels with Jalapeno dip. The pretzels came out quickly and they were very fresh, not to mention huge! We only ate one and took the other to go. Very good app though! . . Tom ordered some sort of bacon cheeseburger, and I got the Chicken Fried Chicken, which was a pounded chicken breast, breaded and fried, over white cheddar mashed potatoes with a side of gravy and some apple coleslaw.  Tom's burger came with a small handful of fries, and my meal was very spread out on my plate, like something was missing. Not very good presentation at all. The food itself was okay, nothing to write home about. The potatoes were my favorite part. Tom said that his burger was mediocre.. . Another note: The bathrooms are shared with the Sing Sing karaoke bar that is in the same building, so expect drunk singing women in the bathrooms and brides-to-be puking in the stall next to you after enjoying too much alcohol at their bachelorette party... Yuck.. . Overall, we might come back for the beer and service, but not for the food. And DEFINITELY not to use the bathroom...
4 ||| I'm a regular here since their kitchen is open late and it's a good option after movies. Their nachos is pretty good. I also tried their burger and chicken sandwiches and they're good as well. . I think the only thing I did't like is the steak taco appetizer. It was too sour and kinda tasteless.
4 ||| The Cajun Pasta I ordered was just spicy enough to keep me sipping my Rock Bottom IPA. It may be a chain but I always get that microbrew restaurant feel when I'm here. They could upgrade the quality of the servers but I've never had a really bad experience with the service.
2 ||| So after an evening of enjoying a comedy show at the Waterfront, we headed to Rock Bottom for some late night grub.  The place was pretty busy, we had to walk around the bar area for several minutes until a nice couple told us they were about to leave and we could have their bar table.  As nice as this was of them it was awkward standing over them as they finished their drinks paid their bill and left.  . . So finally seated I look over the drinks and being the huge IPA lover that I am I went with that and it was indeed a good choice.  The hubby had the Red Ale which was also rather good.. . The service was OK, not the best not the worst.  But moving on to more important thing, the food.  Talk about missing the mark hugely!  I ordered the mini street fish tacos.  You get four mini tacos with a marinated in lime piece of fish, and tomatillo salsa.  They were just strokes away from inedible.  I love fish tacos, I mean it is such a simple concept so why do people have such a hard time executing this dish? The shells were hard and literally split at the bottom when I picked them up.  The sour cream sprayed all over the plate only made them messy and the poor fish was just so overcooked.  If I wasn't so hungry I wouldn't have eaten them at all! Lesson learn on that.. . The husband had the BBQ Chicken Pizza.  It had beans and corn with roasted red pepper on it along with some sour cream.  My husband is usually the type that will order these lovely specialty pizza's and ask for them to remove all the wonderful unique toppings!  For instance, he would usually just say, Chicken BBQ and cheese, nothing else!  I refused to let him do that this time, because I was really intrigued in the combination of ingredients on this pie.  And boy was I jealous when it came out.  It blew my crappy tacos out of the water!  Should have stuck with something simple.  . . Furthermore I could care less if I come back to this location.  The beers were good but hell you can get a decent IPA just about anywhere anymore.  And the underwhelming food sealed the deal.  I know this is a chain, but it still doesn't have to stink...
5 ||| the food was delicious. portion size generous. atmosphere good. Our waitress Lindy was outstanding. Have nothing but good things to say. Would highly recommend to everyone !
4 ||| Another good meal ... this time the Housemade Meatloaf. It's a blend of turkey and sausage instead of the standard ground beef. A refreshing and delicious twist on a comfort food staple. Served over cheddar mashed and mixed veggies. The server could have behaved like she wanted to be there but everyone has a bad day once in awhile. Service was prompt just the same. Overall good experience.
4 ||| I have to say that I've only been here when it was very busy. I found the service fairly quick and any of the food I've had has been delicious. I went there tonight and there was an issue with my food. Without going into detail, I will say they handled it wonderfully. Our waitress Mallory was very kind and she was quick to fix the problem. I had the salmon for the second time and it was just as amazing as it was the first time. I had one beer that's similar to a blue moon and that was good too. I would go back again!
1 ||| Poor service and food. I waited 20 minutes at the bar for someone to just acknowledge my presence. They finally brought my food out and left it without asking for me to pay.... So I had to wait an additional 15 minutes to find someone to pay. Yes, I had to TRY and give them money.. . On to the important part... Food was terrible. I had a burger and it was pathetic.
5 ||| On a glorious day in the month of May , my love and I stumbled hungrily into rock bottom.  Ha. Just kidding I realized Darren W. Hadn't reviewed here so I had to start it cheesy.  . . The rock bottom line: Monday for lunch we had awesome service by Ashley.  We weren't rushed and it was quite.  The burgers were great and half off . The beer was very good.  We will be returning for sure.
5 ||| Planned a surprise birthday party here for my wife and they did an amazing job helping to pull it off! Service was extremely helpful, professional, and on point all night. Lauren (one of the managers) was reliable and pleasant throughout the entire planning process. If anyone is looking to plan an event I would highly recommend Rock Bottom. Couldn't be happier!
5 ||| I love this restaraunt. Rarely have I ever received service like I get here. The food is good, definitely reasonable for the price. The thing that blew me away was the fact that my steak was cooked TO TEMPERATURE. This rarely ever happens at restaraunt of similar price range and quality. But the servers are fantastic. Very attentive, polite and timely. The beer selection is awesome, we always order the sampler. I like having lots of options as far as beverages go. The wait time isn't terrible if you go a little later on a friday or Saturday night. And they most often call you before the quotes time. The desert menu is a little small, but I could probably skip it anyways ;)  the ambiance is good, not to crammed or noisy. They also have outside seating available when the weather is nice I highly recommend this establishment!
5 ||| I love this place! Great food and the best beer brewed on site! The bourbonzola burger is the best thing you can order here.
4 ||| Good food and large portions. I ordered the Veggie Burger for $8.50 and I loved it! It's one of the most unique veggie burgers I have ever had: a homemade patty of beans, rolled oats and veggies. The chipotle mayo really gave it that oomph. My burger was more than enough for me to handle and everything was worth the price. As for drinks, I'm a complete noob when it comes to beer but my friend ordered a tap and even from a small taste, I could tell it was very good quality beer. Bitter and sweet, with a slight tang. I rarely drink beer but i I'm going to, then might as well drink the best kind there is - fresh and microbrewed.. . NOTE: There aren't too many options for vegetarians. The veggie burger was pretty good and I'd recommend it, but other than that, there's also the veggie tacos, a few select appetizers, and a few salads from which to choose.
4 ||| I've never been crazy about the food here, but my friend likes it, so I do eat here once in a while. We stopped in last night and I had the chicken finger appetizer with fries. The food was a little overcooked and nearly tasteless. The ranch dressing was barely good enough to make up for it. . . My friend had the mac & cheese with chicken and bacon, which is what she orders just about every time she's there. It looked delicious and the portion was huge. I'll be trying this dish next time we're there. . . We've also had the Ball Park Pretzels in the past, and they're really good. . . I'm giving 4 stars because the service was great, there's outdoor seating, and the Berry Bash Sangria was delicious (if expensive). We'll be back.
4 ||| Every time I've been here the food has always been delicious and the service has always been very exceptional. My go to is the Laredo burger and the Mac n'cheese as a side. They Mac n' cheese is absolutely wonderful if you like garlic! I've had a few other menu options as well that have been superb. The beers on tap are always great. My newest favorite is the First! Pumpkin Ale. . . One thing I really appreciate about Rock Bottom is that they aren't one of these restaurants that try to rush you out when you're done eating. The food comes out fast (which is great when you're starving!) but if you want to stay an visit with your date or eating companions there's never any rush. I was just at Rock Bottom last night meeting friends for a movie that didn't start until 11pm. We got at the restaurant around 7:30, ordered drinks, ate and had a few more drinks and then just hung out for about a half hour until it was time to Walk over to the cinemas. It was nice not feeling rushed to leave as soon as we stopped ordering.. . My only complaints are that sometimes meat ends up being cooked a little more than you often ask. Medium often turns into medium well, but that's not a huge problem for me. I also don't think the signature cocktails are worth $9, but that's more of a corporate complaint since Rock Bottom is a small chain. . . Overall I definitely recommend eating here if you're in the Waterfront!
2 ||| The food is standard American fare--a bit overpriced in my mind--and the beers range from mediocre to very bad.  The Kölsch is the only decent beer of the bunch.  The service is good, but the wait for food or a table can be quite long (generally 20-30 minutes even for just beer and apps).  I've been to the one at the Denver airport as well, but I was stranded and had free meal tickets, so okay-but-nothing-special pizza from Rock Bottom it was.  Since it's a recognizable national chain, I think of places like this as more of a tourist brewery rather than a true Pittsburgh craft-brew experience.
2 ||| The beer is good but the food is nothing to brag about at ALL. I've tried many things on the menu, and if you have developed a "foodie" palate, don't even bother, because you will be very disappointed. If you feel comfortable with chain restaurants and their lack of innovative touch (which, nothing wrong with that!) you will most likely enjoy Rockbottom. The only entree I did enjoy were the lobster and shrimp enchiladas (minus the repulsive beans and rice) and the asiago crab dip as an appetizer. Otherwise, you are better off skipping it.
3 ||| This place is quite big with a bar area, dining room area, and patio area. We decided to sit in the bar area so we could watch some football on one of the many TV's. They also have darts and two pool tables, which I really enjoy. When you are in the bar area you can see the beer being brewed through the window which is really cool. . . I ordered the hibiscus wheat beer and my friend ordered the white wheat, both of which are brewed by Rock Bottom. They both tasted delicious and were exactly what I needed for a hot day. My friend ordered the Fried chicken entree which came with mashed potatoes and of course she gave me a few bites since we always share. It was a pretty delicious meal, but the fried crust fell off a few pieces which I am not really a fan of. I ordered the Sante fe salad with grilled chicken not fried. The salad was okay I was expecting more flavors overall, but I didn't really get them. . . It was a good experience and will most likely be back when I am around the waterfront area.
4 ||| I am not a fan of chain restaurants typically and had to slowing break my boyfriend from wanting to eat at chain restaurants all of the time. The one chain that I can't break from is rock bottom. . . Their beer is always good- as far as their staples go, I really love their white ale. Their seasonal IPAs have been good and my favorite seasonals of all time included their chocolate raspberry stout (...yes, it tasted as good as it sounds; they had it last year around Christmas) and their smoky BBQ brown ale (tasted like summer, complemented BBQ amazingly ; they had it this past summer, I bought a growler of it lol). . . As far as their food goes, I typically stay away from the appetizers. $10 and up is a little too pricey for me as far as appetizers go. I've had their southwestern rolls and they were good but not worth $10. . . Almost every time I go I order the Baja chicken sandwich. It's my favorite chicken sandwich! So good. The chicken is actually grilled (which goes for all of their chicken sandwiches) and I love the charred flavor that it has. The bun is soft but sturdy and doesn't fall apart while eating the sandwich, the sauce is amazing, the onion frizzles are the best and last but not least... There's a half of a fresh avocado on this sandwich. Mhm! I love it. My boyfriend usually gets the hickory BBQ bacon chicken sandwich and loves it as well. . . Another item I ALWAYS get... Their apple coleslaw. I've yet to find better coleslaw in a restaurant. So simple, yet oh so good. . . They also recently changed their fries and these are much better than their old ones. . . Their side salads are awesome as well. They are decent in size- spring mix topped with sunflower seeds, raisins, half of a hard boiled egg (which I give to the boyfriend), chopped cucumbers and tomatoes and croutons. Yum! . . I usually order the same thing every time I go. I steered off my normal path once and ordered the buffalo Mac and cheese and found it to be quite tasteless. Which turned me off to trying new items there. Plus I am just too in love with the Baja chicken sandwich and apple coleslaw to want to try anything else. . . Service is always great, the bartenders are friendly... I love this place. Ask about their rock bottom rewards !
1 ||| Be careful. The servers can't pay attention to save their lives, and the management cares even less. I want to make sure people know how careless the management is, particularly Mark who seems to let his staff run around.
4 ||| I always enjoy Rock Bottom. Standard beers on tap are always great and their rotating selection usually has a hit as well. . . I prefer the bar seating as to the dining room, but this is a good way to separate the family dining from those of us without kiddos. . . Nachos, nachos, nachos. Truly the best in the area. Great burgers, chili and salads. Really...I don't think I've had a bad meal here. Nice outdoor seating in the summer. . . This is a great place to watch a game or just hang out. Iced counter at the bar to keep your drink cold.  I know they have other cocktails here, but I can't order them at a beer place. I've seen them and they do look good, but I'm stuck to the beer selection. . . They have a great happy hour and specials throughout the week. . . Service is always great whether there are two or 10 of us.
3 ||| This is  a "Okay" place to eat.  The food is nothing special.  I guess what they have going for them is the beer.  Order the  Guacamole for the starter which was okay but for $8.50 and the portion was not worth it.  Rice (Cajun Taco) was not cooked well.  Would I go there again "maybe".  If your into beer and watching the game, then yeah go there.
5 ||| BALL PARK PRETZEL-Would eat again. . . I came to rock bottom, looking for a great beer. Full of hops, that brings a refreshing sensation and satisfaction. I then opened the menu, scanned looking for those select bar items to pair with my great beer. I saw an extensive list of items, from chicken fingers to salads. I noticed a Ball Park Pretzel, with a jalapeño cheese dip. I was blown away, the fact that I got 2 pretzels amazed me. I ordered within 25 minutes of seating. My pretzels hit the table within minutes. The smell of the warm salt and hot cheese opened my senses. But I knew we could step this shit up, I asked for mustard. And what do you know. Grey Poupon Dijon Mustard is in front of my eyes. I combined that shit and life evolved. I went to heaven, it took me 35 minutes to write this review because I took a solid bite with Grey Poupon after each sentence. Good look Rock Bottom, keep up the good work.
4 ||| The Improv Comedy Club at The Waterfront is the best comedy club in Pittsburgh because there is only one other one and this one gets more famous comedians. I go there just about every other week.. . Pros: Great comedians all year round! The food/drinks are very good and the wait staff is wonderful! The Improv is a great venue for upcoming and new comedians, I always see new, local talent opening for national comedians. In one show you will see 1-2 local comedians, and 1-2 national touring comedians. The Improv has a nice environment inside with general admission seating (first come, first serve). The EMAIL LIST is essential in order to receive free ticket packages and perks, as well as reminders of upcoming comedians!. . Cons: Prices can be steep (it is expensive/difficult to be a regular). Food and Drinks are not cheap (no specials). Expect to pay $15- $40 for tickets depending on the headliner with a two item minimum. Waiting in line before the shows wouldn't be bad if you weren't forced to stand outside in any and all weather conditions. If it is raining and you'd like a good seat, you will pay the price. . . Overall: This 21+ venue is a great place to spend a night out with friends or loved ones. You may buy tickets in advance online/phone or buy your tickets at the box office at the location. I highly recommend joining the mailing list to receive free tickets! Check the calendar for upcoming shows and open mic nights during the week! Support local comedy, and enjoy The Improv at the Waterfront!
3 ||| They have good acts coming around here, and often give out free tickets, particularly ine summer. I've never actually paid full price for a ticket here. . . The two-item minimum is bit bothersome to me though...I don't mind the requirement so much, but the quality isn't good and the prices are high. Our four items total came to about $30 (two appetizers and two beers) and the apps were really nothing to write home about and the servers aren't even very friendly. Also beware...they have a lot of rules here. They won't seat till the whole party is there; if you get dinner reservations everyone in the party HAS to order dinner, automatic gratuity added to the check, etc. etc.. . The "box office" is also weird...you get your tickets at this window complete with microphone and slide-under slot...then you walk into the club and the box office is completely open and the workers are just sitting right there, so I don't get the whole hoopla with the window.. . All in all though, the seats are comfy enough, the atmosphere is pretty nice, and the acts are good.
4 ||| I always enjoy a good comedy club and though I'm a loyal Helium fan, I gotta give props to the Improv near Pittsburgh. They chose a great location, with surrounding restaurants of all genres and fun bars and shopping. . . We bought tickets to see a comedian I had never heard of (he was decent) for $25 each with a two item purchase minimum. I really dislike that rule but you can't really get around it. . . The only thing I didn't like, aka hated, was having to wait in line outside before the show started. It was freeeeezing! They should put heaters outside. seriously.
3 ||| Came here to see Charlie Murphy. . Parking was nightmare. I would expect nothing less on a Saturday night.. The 15 minute wait to get inside was torture. They need to implement a system where if you purchased tickets in advance you don't have to wait outside. Once inside you we were seated pretty quickly.. Seating is first come first serve.. . The Server was pretty quick to take our orders. I misread the menu description and didn't realize my BBQ sandwich came . with cheese.  I don't eat cheese, and had send my order back. The waiter was gracious and returned with my modified order in about 15 minutes. I've never heard of throwing cheese pulled pork sandwich, maybe it's a northern thing. . We got our checks quickly, and without issue.
3 ||| I've been here twice now, and like the others you really only come to Improve Comedy Club for the show. Very reasonably priced for shows  though they have the two item minimum so would suggest they all be drinks.. . The food leaves little to be desired. We decided for the sake of time to grab dinner at the venue since the show started at 7. Having a free appetizer coupon we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip along with the sauteed grilled chicken. Spinach and artichoke dip was good though cheesy rich along with cheese sprinkled on top of the chips. Sauteed grilled chicken - hmmm.... I think the chicken was frozen - definitely not fresh - and the guacamole was artificial with a glop of cheese. It looked like a mess with big ole pile of fries. A lot of food for $10. Service has always been pleasant though they do automatically tack on the tip for you at 18%.
3 ||| There's nothing like a Saturday night filled with some good laughs, a few chuckles and a couple of good guffaws thrown in for good measure.  That's exactly what we enjoyed on Saturday night!. . We hit the comedy club for an evening of Tammy Pescatelli - the hubby and I have enjoyed her routine on TV and on the occasional DVE morning show..  She didn't fail to give us a good evening of laughs!  The big surprise, was Gene Collier - yep, of the Post-Gazette sports writer fame - as the opener.  What a great opening act!  He cracked wise about the perils of being 58 and a baby boomer.  We could relate!. . The sightlines were lacking.  There was a rather large woman at the table in front of us with massive Pittsburgh BIG HAIR.  All night long my own head bobbed from side to side as I attempted to actually watch the show, and not just listen to it, as she reached repeatedly and unceasingly for her tableful of snacks.  . . With a 2 drink minimum, my first drink was weak and the 2nd was quite strong!  All in all, the two balanced each other out.  But then, you don't go for the drinks, do you?  An enjoyable evening!
3 ||| Tom Green was appearing here on Jan 22, 2012. He was hilarious. . . The Improv is an excellent comedy club, in past shows I've seen Jim Krenn, Margaret Cho, Billy Elmer, and so many more I forget. Much like Live from the Improv on TV, the brick back drop makes it feel like the NYC Improv. . . Hint: eat elsewhere, the food isn't so great, have an appetizer until you get to another restaurant, most comedians head over to the Rock Bottom after to imbibe. Dave Attell is a regular at both places. Two drink minimum, drink them slow and go elsewhere after the show.
3 ||| Decent, clean (as far as I could sense in the dim)... about on par for what you'd expect for a higher-end comedy club.  That includes the $10/drink, two-drink minimum, automatic 18% gratuity, and the comic spouting out the obligatory, "don't forget to tip your waitress.". . Trying to judge the place on its own merits and not on the entertainment value of the comics.  (If the latter, since we were here for Frank Caliendo, I'd have given the place the full 5 stars if only for him alone!). . Total cash bled out of my pocket brought it down from what could have been a 4-star experience for us.  $80 for tickets online included $10 "service fee" and tax (we had to: this was a sold out show).  Add $25 for drinks, gratuity, and more tax.  We're talking 3-digits of $$$ for less than 2 hours of entertainment squeezed in between other patrons and glass-wielding servers while you sit on rickety chairs.  That's what a headliner act will cost ya!. . Will you see us here again?  Probably... but cost makes it unlikely to be a weekly thing for us.
1 ||| My friends & I all purchased Groupons  for the Pittsburgh Improv on or around March 22nd, 2012. At that time, only a few big name comedians were listed on the Improv's website as Special Events. You can use the Groupon on anything that isn't a Special Event. That seemd reasonable. The day the Groupons were purchased, my friend Katrina called & reserved two tickets to Jim Jeffries for 3/30 at 10pm. They allowed her to use her Groupon & gave her a confirmation code & everything! Shortly after, they changed many of the comedians on their website, including Jim Jeffries, to Special Events. When I called I was told I could not use my Groupon. The same thing happened to many of my friends. It's a classic bait & switch. These comedians were NOT Special Events until after the Groupon came out. In addition, other restrictions, such not being able to use the Groupons on Saturdays & having to use the additional four vouchers for one show, were NOT listed under the restrictions when the Groupon was for sale. . . So tonight, my friends & I had pretty much resolved ourselves to the fact that we were not going to the Improv because they wouldn't allow us to use our Groupons. But I walked over to the Will Call window with my friend Katrina so she could at least get her tickets. Big surprise - she was told they didn't have her reservation or her name in their computers! They wouldn't give her the tickets. It's an absolute joke of a deal. How is everyone going to use their Groupons by Sept. if all of the shows are Special Events now? . . In addition, no one at the Improv answers the phones or responds to emails. . . My friends & I (about 10 of us total) are all getting refunds through Groupon and/or our credit card companies & we are all reporting the Improv to the Better Business Bureau, etc. . . The Pittsburgh Improv is extremely shady & does not care about their customers.
4 ||| You know that place where you've never gone, then you go, then you're going all the time? Well the Improv for me is one of these places.. . I am thankful to have a venue to see some of my favorite comedians.  Most recently I saw Hannibal Burris, Tommy Johnigan and Doug Benson. All three performances were a hooting good time. . . On Saturday afternoon at 2:20pm I went to see Doug Benson I was accompanied by my boyfriend. You may know Doug Benson from the hit documentary "Super High Me.". . Ok so: . PROS . Wonderfully talented comedians . Clean bathrooms . Pretty wait staff . has Coors Light on tap ( 5.75 per draft) . Every seat in the house is a good seat . . Cons:. Expensive drinks. Expensive food . Flavorless food . Dirty silverware . Far from my house . Mayo with french fries . . Any way, I have enjoyed all my visits to the Waterfront.  I can certainly see myself seeing more shows at the Improve.  The club is well maintained and the wait staff is friendly. . . Bring a lot of money with you, you're going to need it. I don't know if it's true everywhere but at this Improve there is are 2 item person, minimum order requirement.  . . They served us warm Mayo with our fries, what is this Holland!!! That sh*t was gross. It was both gross and also unusual.. . Anyhow to catch a comedy show at the Improve is a pleasure.
2 ||| The place does what it does best - Comedy.  The food, however.  Blah.. . First off, If you go to a show, please note there is a two item per person minimum.  This means that from their extensive menu of overpriced bar food and drinks, you are REQUIRED to choose two items each.    . . Second, the sodas are NOT FREE REFILLS!  I learned that one the hard way.  Get water. . . Third, before tipping your server, please make sure she hasn't already taken her cut out.  Even after paying for two very bland, overpriced meals and way too many Diet Cokes, I thought that my bill was rather high.  Upon further inspection, I noticed that my server had taken an 18% gratuity.  The menu explicitly says that an automatic gratuity will be taken out for parties of six or more, but there was only two of us and we weren't even drunk.  I found this tactic awfully presumptuous and left her tip at the 18% even though I typically tip well over 20%.    . . Overall, I don't like the idea of being required to purchase food just to see a comedy show.  I can see why they do it, but if I were required to buy a crappy popcorn and overpriced pop every time I went to the movies, I would be far less inclined to go as I am not inclined to go to the Improv again.
2 ||| The Pittsburgh Improv is unfortunately another great idea hamstrung by the details of mediocre execution (some specific examples at the end).. . The setup is nice, a delightful--if a bit sterile--reproduction of what you'd think a comedy club should like if you watch enough TV.  The interior is clean; the seats are comfortable; and it's an OK atmosphere to see a show and laugh.. . It's too small, however, to attract many of the best acts, which limits its ability to ever become the central hub for Pittsburgh comedy.  Most of the big names that have recently come through Pittsburgh--Jim Gaffigan, Louis CK, Second City--all perform elsewhere (though they managed to get Bob Saget, to their credit).. . But the biggest problem is the food and drink.  They're very up front about their mandatory two item minimum, but the forced service requires that you spend extra money and get interrupted by waitstaff at least several times during the show.  The prices are well above what I'd consider reasonable given the quality, and I'd begrudgingly--or even happily--just shrug off the cost the same way I would a stadium concession stand markup...but the food is bad.  You're forced to either (a) buy extremely overpriced drinks (3.50 for a soda, for example, with no refills--or ten dollars for one with refills), or (b) buy moderately overpriced food which you wouldn't want in the first place.  I thought the ten dollar chicken sandwich looked reasonable, until a few bites in I decided I'd rather just throw away the money than keep eating it.. . Still, I think this place has a lot of potential; the core idea is very workable; and they do attract some really good comedians.  Two stars for now, with high hopes for improvements.. . A few specific drawbacks which could be VERY easily fixed:. 1 - A lot of the drinks didn't have prices on them.  I know this isn't uncommon, but at a venue where every question you ask interrupts not only your own show-viewing experience as well as the experiences of your neighbors, it's an incredibly poor decision here.  Make everything on the menu exceptionally clear.  It's not that hard.. 2 - Put the drink prices on the website too.  An Improv representative has personally responded to many of these Yelp reviews, and she once said "Our menus and pricing are listed on our website, which makes for easy planning!"  I'm calling shenanigans.  Not all the prices are on the website, which makes for difficult planning.. 3 - Reminding me to tip my server during the show AND adding an automatic gratuity to the check makes me feel like you're trying to trick me.  It's kind of an unprofessional way to say goodbye to one's customers.. 4 - Since the $3.50 soft drinks don't come with free refills, the servers shouldn't ask "would you like a refill on that?" or anything of the sort.  They should ask "would you like another one?" instead.  They should also respond to requests for refills by saying "we don't offer refills, but I'd be happy to get you another one."  Just because there's a 10 dollar refillable soda option on the menu doesn't mean people all figure it out.  Most patrons don't even bother reading the beverage section of the menu if all they want is a standard beverage offered almost everywhere (like a cola or diet cola), and the reading difficulties imposed by the darkness make them even less likely to browse the offerings.
3 ||| I love the Improv. I think its a great way to start or spend a night! Nothing like a laughter filled night. I think its great that we get so many great comedians coming our way (Owen Benjamin, Pablo Francisco super funny Tammy Pescatelli not so much.). . Things you should be aware of: The staff is really strict on the 2 drink minimum so be prepared to spend money on the pricey food and drinks. I kinda wish their menu was a little bit more extensive. Their service is spotty. . The wait staff is a little iffy. I have been here MANY times and sometimes I get an attentive waitress and sometimes not. Most recently our waitress was rude, didn't bother with pleasantries and barely took notice of us. Also beware of the fact they automatically add gratuity. If our waitress was nice I would be more than glad to add to it but this time I was like no way!. . p.s. when I used my groupon I didn't have any trouble
3 ||| Who doesn't love to laugh? The improv is a great place to go for a good show a few times a year. The venue is clean. The comedians are good, for the price, and many times you get a steal and can see a great comedian for a low price (i.e.Tommy Johnagin). However, be advised, if you attend more than one show every couple of months, you will see some of the same opening acts repeated. This is my biggest gripe with the Improv. I've been to the Improv about 3 times over the past 4 months and have seen the same opening acts a few times. I think they cycle through the same 4-5 comedians. Are there not more talented comedians in Pittsburgh? As noted in other reviews, another area of improvement is the drinks and food. I always attend the late showing so that I can eat elsewhere. The food is mediocre bar food at best. Nothing more needs to be said about that. I definitely don't mind the two drink minimum. I've been known to consume more than two drinks in one setting but, the drinks are insanely overpriced. $5 for a Miller Lite, $4 for a Snapple, $10 for a fountain drink with refills. You're better off having your two drinks during the show and going over the Sing Sing after for a draft .  . or four. In addition, since they started offering a large Groupon discount, the Improv has been packed. Be aware that if you only have two people in your party, they may seat strangers at your table who are 6 feet tall and block your view.
2 ||| We came to the Improv for the first time on Friday night for my wife's work holiday party. We arrived early for dinner and drinks from a predetermined menu. Dinner started with a salad of clearly bagged, almost brown iceberg lettuce, with some croutons and frozen-then-thawed looking tomatoes that were pinkish at best. I took a few bites of this unappetizing poor excuse for a salad, and I can tell you it was downright tragic. Dinner arrived and since there wasn't any vegetarian options on this predetermined menu, we received a dish that was supposed to contain meat with the meat omitted. It was a huge pile of spaghetti in a bowl. It looked sloppy and tasted worse than it looked. The pasta was overcooked, and the tomato sauce was just watered down puréed canned tomatoes. I saw traces of onion in my dish but didn't taste them at all. I was so hungry that I salted the heck out of this abomination and took a few bites. Yuck. I didn't make a dent in this crapfest. For dessert we were given a choice of chocolate cake, which my wife ordered, and cheesecake, which I ordered. The chocolate cake had freezer burn. Inexcusable! It wasn't edible. The cheesecake was only a hair better, but it had obviously come out of the freezer as well. I know people aren't coming here for the food, but if you are FORCING them to order things off of your menu to fulfill some outdated requirements (two drink/two menu item minimum) then at least make some halfway decent food. It doesn't even have to be memorable...just not OFFENSIVE. Which it was!! Had I paid for any of this I would have made a huge stink, but I tried to be polite and push my food around and make small talk. . . The comedians were good. The venue was nice-ish and we got to sit in the front because we arrived early for our "event". Not always the best thing in a comedy club (we only got picked on a little bit). But damn, I was hungry! I found myself fantasizing about all of the crappy Waterfront restaurants and how I'd rather be there...how I'd rather be heating up a discount microwave dinner...how I'd rather have a giant bowl of Captain Crunch...how I'd rather go back in time and eat spaghetti from my high school cafeteria...what a dreadful dining experience.. . My car was also violated in the parking lot. I had an adorable German license plate on the front of my adorable German car which was stolen while I was eating hideous food, which was just the slap in the face I wanted when finally retreating to my car. I feel sick in so many different ways about this experience as a whole.. . The Improv should consider outsourcing the food prep to a catering company. I truly believe that's the only thing that can save this place. Do yourself a favor and eat beforehand, and just order a beer. Well, two I guess. Other diners at our table complained about the quality of the cocktails so I'd steer clear of those. Unless there is a can't miss type of comedian here, I can't ever picture going back to the Improv. I'd give the comedians 4 stars, and the food ZERO stars.
3 ||| Spent New Years Eve at the Comedy Club to bring the new year.. . . I am new but it was a good time.   We had unlimited champagne, fruit and cheese.   The comedy was good.. . The service was great.. . The atmposhere was okay but it was a comedy clud :-).   . . You should check it out - Comedy clubs bring a little spice to the city :-). . Enjoy!
4 ||| This was my second visit to the club and it was still a blast. My girlfriends bought tickets for John Witherspoon for my bachelorette. We were all looking forward to it and it was hilarious! He was wonderful. . . The servers were fantastic. They always came back to check in on us and make sure we had plenty to eat and drink. I suggest the Pink Cadillac for a drink as well as the cheese cake and chocolate cake for dessert. . . The only reason it isn't 5 stars is because they had us wait an hour past the time we were to enter the building. We were to see the 9pm showing so the doors were to open at 8:45pm. They came out and explained that the show had run over and we wouldn't be able to even enter the building until 9:20pm. It was 28 degrees outside. We finally were able to enter the building, order drinks then the show finally started at 9:45pm.  The host did offer a blanket apology which was nice but hardly made up for the fact the show started almost an hour late.
4 ||| I have been here twice in the last month. It's a pretty great time. My first visit, the service was pretty poor and the food was cold by the time it got to the table. We had to sit all the way in the back and the comedian was not that good (although that is no fault of the club). But when I went to the second show, the service was much improved. The burger I ordered was fantastic and warm. Our waitress kept the drinks coming without interrupting us while the comedian was on stage. We were also able to sit in the front this time and it was a great experience. I'll be going back soon!
4 ||| Good! I can't comment on the food or the bathrooms, but from what experienced it was great! The drinks were decent, and I  believe you must order two items at minimum. The staff is quick, but they should have more people working on a Saturday night. Before you can ask for anything else they bolt to the next table or to the kitchen.. . The comics we saw were funny as well. Will definitely go back!
3 ||| I love that we have a great comedy club in Pittsburgh with a great location at the Waterfront.  Perfect for a date night and I recommend going to a later show and grabbing dinner beforehand.  I received an online coupon code for $5 tickets for John Heffron. What a deal-def. check for deals before you pay full price for any shows here.  We went early to pick up the tickets at the ticket office.  People were lined up outside about an hour before the show and it was freezing out.  I had no interest in doing this so we grabbed a beer across the street at Rock Bottom. Once they opened the doors (15 minutes before show time) the line went quickly and even though we were at the end we still got seated at a table in the back.  It is not huge inside so there aren't really any bad seats.  They usually have an MC for the night who starts  warming up the crowd. This guy was funny and so was the opening act before John Heffron.  My only complaint about this place is that they have a two drink minimum and the prices are outrageous.  $9.50 for a mixed well drink and $7 for draft beers.  The soda was $3.50! Yikes!  At least we didn't pay full price for the tickets.
4 ||| I was so excited when my husband gave me tickets to go here to see funny man Bill Crawford, part of the DVE morning show for those of you who never heard of him.  That is funny because as I was telling people about going it became clear there are A LOT of people that haven't... Oh Well... Let me mention this was my first time there.. . So I was warned in advance of the possible long waits outside and the two item minimum.  Well to my pleasant surprise there was no wait, walked right in, greeted, an usher showed us to our seats and we waited less than 5 minutes to be asked for our order.  This was nice.  I will say that the show started at 8pm, and we were there by 7:20 or so.  There were already people seated so we were by no means very early, and heck there were people with full course meals and tables of 10.  The price of the mixed drinks were not disclosed on the menu, leading me to believe that it may leave me short for the mortgage next month, but they did have a 60 minute dogfish head IPA for $6.00.  Now that may seem rather expensive and it is, but doable so I indeed did it... My husband got a domestic and it was between 4-5 bucks.  We opted not to eat there, as we were going to Rock Bottom after wards and I will get to that review later.... . So the show was good.  There were moments that I think the comedians may have went off track and were just bantering, but luckily enough they rebound and got back to making everyone laugh instead of being uncomfortable.  There were a total of 4 comedians, the MC, and two opening acts for Crawford.  I actually really enjoyed them.  . . The one or two things I didn't like about the place.  The bathrooms are in the lobby.  As this seems normal there is no separate area to enter back into the room without having to make your way through people who are waiting to be seated... This was/is stupid.  I was actually nervous that they were going to stop me and ask for my ticket which they safely secured at my first entrance.  The same also goes for smoking.  Since we were so early I took a break and it was again awkward reentering.  Maybe they need to have some type of system to get around this.  A stamped hand?  A ticket stub?  Not sure but I know I would have felt better unlike feeling like I was sneaking into the place.  . . I would definitely return to the Improv.  I just hope I always have a rather positive experience!
3 ||| My husband and I love going to comedy shows and have seen some pretty good acts at the Improv. Ticket prices aren't bad either. I am very particular about where I sit, and the person who seats you is willing to let you sit where you choose, especially if it's on a Thursday or Sunday night, since those aren't particularly busy nights.. . I did have one bad experience, which is why I'm giving this review 3 stars instead of 4 (it only takes one poor experience, people!). My husband and I went to see one of our favorite comedians on a Thursday night. There is a two-item minimum, so we decided we would just eat dinner at the show. Well, we were mistaken. First of all, our waitress was rude and slow. After sitting there for 5 or 6 minutes without service she finally comes over and asks what we want. We both order a drink and food, to which she tells us that the kitchen caught on fire earlier that day so all they have are salads and desserts. I was annoyed that she even asked what we wanted instead of starting out with this important fact.. . At any rate, I order a Caesar salad and a beer. It comes out and it's iceburg lettuce with shredded cheese, tomatoes, and other veggies. In other words, a regular salad. I inform the waitress of this and she seemed totally confused. I suppose she did not understand the difference, which was odd. . . Overall, I felt that there was no apology for the fact we couldn't eat, let alone everyone else in the place. Salad or dessert aren't the greatest choices when you are expecting to eat dinner at the show. I think the Improv should have waived the two-item minimum on this occasions, even if it cost them money. . . Afterwards, I emailed the Improv with my concerns. Never. Heard. Back.. . That being said, I will most likely return to the Improv....but not for the service. Because it's a great place to see comedy shows and isn't that expensive. Customer service is terrible.
4 ||| I went here for the first time the other night and had a great time!  The comedian was hilarious and it was a great intimate setting for a fun night out with friends!  My only complaint was that it was a little pricey for the overall experience because not only do you need to buy a ticket, but every person needs to buy 2 items of food/drink and the drinks aren't cheap (around $10-12).  However, I would definitely go back sometime!
4 ||| Wast there last Friday. Seats right in front if the stage. The show was good. The headliner, while a bit long, was good. Fantastic service from our waitresses. Will definitely go back.
3 ||| If The Improv chain didn't bring in such amazing comedians, this place would be totally screwed. . . I always have fun watching the comedians, but I can't help but leave with such a bitter taste in my mouth from how much of a rip off this place is.. . First you buy the tickets, but if you buy online you have an outrageous service charge. The real kicker is having to buy a minimum of 2 items during the show, beers are $5 or $6 and the cheapest things on the menu, I believe. Cocktails are $11-$13. I think glasses of wine are around $8. There is a pretty good selection of food options. . . The improv does have a lot of great comedians who pass through! Even the opening acts are generally great! Line up early if you want a great seat right in the front! . . The point is, a night at the Improv will be fun, but if you aren't prepared for it, it can end up being a pretty unexpectedly and unreasonably expensive affair.
4 ||| Absolutely loved it at the Improv! I saw Sheryl Underwood and she was fantastic. It was my first time being at the Improv. After years of saying that I wanted to go, it really did meet my expectations! The ambiance is inviting, with warm lighting and a good amount of seating for a smaller place. We were 8th in line so we had good choice of seating, though we were encouraged to fill the seats in the front by the stage first. The seating is layered in tiers. Each tier has a long booth with tables and chairs for seating. It was very comfortable, roomy and an interactive set up. The stage is close to the seating (some tables are right at the stage) with little space between you and the comedian, which made it very interactive and fun. We arrived at the Improv around 9:45 pm for a show that started at 10:30 pm, with doors opening at 10:00 pm. We waited in line until the doors opened at about 10:15-10:20 pm, so they were really behind schedule. The show started around 10:45 pm with two opening comedians before the main act. The show was over around 1:00 am. The only negatives were that the staff was not very friendly and immediately told me that I have to buy a minimum of two items off of the menu. ($30/ticket isn't enough?) I was not hungry and did not want to drink, so this was a bit frustrating, especially because it wasn't disclosed on the ticket or anywhere else. The server did not hold us to the 2 minimum purchase requirement and my friend and I got away getting 3 drinks for the night. The food menu looked great and the prices seemed reasonable, though if you want water you are looking at $5 for Fiji or sparkling. It was $8 for a glass of wine. $11 for bottomless soda, complete with a take home Improv glass. The other thing that I didn't like was that an employee takes your tickets while you're waiting in line and marks your hands with a dry erase marker. After one bathroom trip, the mark was gone, so I think they need a more effective way to mark you as an already paid customer since the employee takes your proof of purchase. These negatives did not affect my overall experience negatively and I would most certainly go back! It is a fun place where you are guaranteed to have a good time with a lot of laughter!
2 ||| So...we got here and seated by 635pm. Orders placed. Drinks served. Now it is 752pm. One of my party has still not received his chicken sandwich. I had. My shrimp diablo. It was as described. Spicy and good!!! But hour plus for a chicken sandwich is unacceptable. We also sent an order of chicken fingers back...dryer than sand. And my fiancés chicken Caesar salad chicken was as dry as the chicken fingers. Barely edible, in fact, she didn't eat more than 3 pieces of it. Upgrade the food service and this place would be somewhat a lil better.
5 ||| This is the best Giant Eagle in the area and is the most like grocery stores in Bay Area. Here's why:. . 1. They sell beer!. 2. Huuuuuge produce selection. 3. Natural/organic foods section: cereal, pasta, soups, etc and fancy chocolate bars. 4. Long isle of ethnic foods includes mexican, indian, italian, asian and , of course, jewish. 5. Functioning bakery with fresh, appetizing breads and desserts (I am still loyal to Allegro Hearth though). . The store is huge and I haven't been to all of it yet but they also have nicer flowers, balloons, home/seasonal section, DVD rentals and a photo center as well as a drive-through pharmacy. . . It seems as this GE just might be the answer to my grocery stores woes.
3 ||| Nice Giant Eagle, not as nice as their new Market Districts, but you can look at this Giant Eagle and see how they came up with the Market District Idea and rolled with it. Fresh made sushi, good cheese selection, awesome bakery.
4 ||| I like this Giant Eagle.. They have the organic section and they're currently(Feb 2011) in the process of remodeling too, which is both annoying (now) and exciting (for the future).. . PROS:. Always seems to be decent parking available;. They have those cute little double-tier carts;. Organics section;. Wine Vending Machine (that's freaking awesome--Yay, Pennsylvania!);. Lots of Self-Check-Out lanes;. . CONS:. Sometimes the staff is a bit cranky (but that can occur anywhere, i guess);
4 ||| Waterfront Geagle is my primary market. Now that they've expanded and reorganized, I rarely even have to set foot in Target anymore. Yippie! There's a wine kiosk (suck it PA liquor laws), you can buy crazy expensive 6 packs, cheese market, bakery, salad and hot bar, butcher, florist, dry cleaners, international foods, pharmacy, and a little cosmetics/beauty/bath area. They usually have a sufficient number of lanes open, and it doesn't get nearly as crowded as Market District. I do wish a bulk spice selection was included as part of the expansion, but you can't always get what you want, I suppose.
4 ||| You're getting an extra star for two solid reasons.  . . One is because the remodel is over and the store is pretty again (and a bit fancier).  Two, and thee most important part, this iggle has the best quality and well made sushi out of any Iggle's out there!  Believe me, I've eaten many a rainbow roll from many different locations around the Burgh and nothing has compared.  Dare I say, it's as close as you get to going to a good sushi restaurant.  Bold statement, right? . . I  just love me some sushi and want it often, quick and convenient and this serves all those purposes with upholding the quality.  Need a quick sushi fix?  This place is it!
3 ||| This place has amazing selection when it comes to some things and zero selection when it comes to others.  We popped in here a couple times over the weekend I spent in PIT and both times they didn't really have what we were looking for.  Visit #1: Liquid smoke.  Visit #2: Hawaiian rolls.  I know these items must exist in PA just not @G-Eagle.  . . They did however have crazy selection when it came to things like....corned beef brisket or anything that has potato in it.  My californian mind was boggled by the variety of brands and cuts of corned beef that were available.  Too bad that wasn't what I was there for.
4 ||| oddly enough, of all the giant eagles i have visited in pittsburgh, this is the only location that carries the toothpaste that i've used for most of my life (outside of pittsburgh). the location is clean and the staff are friendly.  i sometimes resent having a market district being the closest giant eagle to my apartment, as many of the items that i buy there are severely overpriced. but whenever i run out of groceries and toothpaste at the same time, i take the hike down to waterfront to shop here, although they may not carry all the groceries that i'd like.
4 ||| This is a absolutely beautiful Giant Eagle.  I only stopped in to grab a quick bite from the prepared foods section, but I was rather impressed by how clean it was.  It was 9 oclock at night, and they still had a huge section of prepared foods available.  The Starbucks inside was closed, probably due to the fact it was a Sunday night, but that is another plus!
3 ||| I drive near this Giant Eagle on my daily commute, so I shop at this location approximately once/week. The location is pretty, and the beer selection is descent. They carry my favorite lambic, so I really can't complain! They also have a very nice health and beauty section. Overall, they usually have the products that I need.. . My only complaint would be wait time to check out. They never have enough cashiers at peak hours. The store has like 20 checkout lanes, but generally only 5-8 open at a time. I always dread checking out, and whenever I see that checkout lines look relatively clear, I hurry around the store and quickly gather the products that I plan to buy.
4 ||| I found everything I needed and I liked the expansion, the antipasta bar is on point and they sale Vanilla Coke which made my hubby very happy. . . Great store.
1 ||| This review is specifically for the DFS cleaners at this Giant Eagle location.  I dropped clothing off for the sake of convenience once (I really should have known better).  Never again.  My items came back completely covered in lint.  I could let this slide, however my pencil skirt was safety pinned to the hanger.  The weight of the skirt caused even larger holes than what were placed there by the pins.  Being that it's a pencil skirt designed to have a blouse tucked in, there's no way that I can wear it again.  This was an expensive skirt, completely ruined.  Very disappointed.  Again, this review is just for the dry cleaners.  The rest of the store is actually better than a lot of other GE's I've been to in Pittsburgh.  Just don't take your dry cleaning here.
3 ||| I've stopped by here a few times (most recently tonight) to pick up random groceries.  This store is located next to one of the bike trails that I frequent, hence its convenience despite being fairly far from my apt.. . On the positive side, I appreciate the size of this store and the selection of products.  In terms of size, it's larger than the Shadyside Market District (my normal grocery store, hence my standard of comparison), and I'd say the product selection is very similar.  Unlike the MD, when I've visited, the aisles have seemed fairly empty of customers, which may be due to the times of my visits (usually between 7-8pm), as well as the size of the store.  Because it's not a Market District, the prices are a bit less expensive, which is nice.. . On the negative side, the checkout always seems to take forever due to slow customers and/or employees, despite that I've only purchased a couple of items at a time.  The "express" lanes move at the speed of molasses, and the self-checkouts are even worse.  Speaking of which, this store has *way* too many self-checkout lanes (about a third of the lanes), and the non-express ones with the belts are unintuitive.. . Prior to tonight, I would have awarded this store a rating of 4 or perhaps even 4.5.  However, checkout tonight was even more of a PITA than it usually is.  None of the normal express checkout lanes were staffed with cashiers, despite that I saw at least one employee loafing around talking to another.  So, I was forced to use one of the many self-checkout lanes.  Normally, I don't mind this, esp. when I'm only purchasing a couple of items, but the empty self-checkout lane that I spotted was one with a conveyor belt, and I couldn't figure out how to use it (not that it mattered, since I had only one item, but the self-checkout lanes must be operated using a very specific procedure--see below).  So, I moved over to one of the express self checkout lanes (similar to those in the Shadyside MD), which I knew how to operate.  However, I still managed to bungle the process since I forgot to scan my one item *before* I put it on the scale that doubles as a bagging station, so I had to wait for one of the ever-so-slow employees to come over and key in an authorization code so I could pay.. . I'm not sure if the self-checkout stands that GE uses are standard in the industry, since I've never used them anywhere else, but I *hate* the whole weighing/bagging process.  In order to use the self-checkout stations, each item must be scanned and then placed on the scale, and if the weight isn't correct for any reason (including using your own bag), an employee is summoned to check it.  I assume the intention is to prevent people from shoplifting, but (1) it's a major PITA for both customers and employees; (2) most of the employees (including the one I dealt with tonight) don't care, and just key the code without even looking at the error message explaining why they were summoned; and (3) I doubt most shoplifters pay for any of the items they're pilfering--they most likely just stuff them into their purse, clothes, etc. and walk out!  /rant. . 3.5 stars.
4 ||| Just about every you need.. . With great hours, a solid hot bar, sushi (if you're into that),  a dry cleaning service, pharmacy, tons of produce, bakery and butchers counter you can't go wrong. Two things that drive me crazy always needing to use my perks card for self check out and the lack of hand carts in the front. I always have to walk to a lane and hunt for a basket then double back, super annoying. . . That said its a small, and easily repairable (hint) issue that shouldn't keep you from visiting.
3 ||| I don't know why, but I just can't like this location very much.  I lived in the area for a little over three years and would always go to another GE before this one.  Maybe it's the way it's set up or maybe it's the way that the lighting seems so very dim.. . The selection is typical for any GE, broad and expansive.  Some prices are a bit steep.  . . This location, like many others, has expanded their pharmacy/health care area.  Which is nice, it saves an extra trip to a drug store.
4 ||| One comfy seat in the entire place, but they have a cafe, they have good books to look at, and they are open until 11pm.  What more could you want?  Why an APPLE PURSE of course!  And a nice Earl Gray tea thrown in for good measure.  Wow...I love this place.  I am such a nerd...only a nerd would enjoy going to a book store and reading as much as I do.  The extra amenities just make it that much more enjoyable.
4 ||| Like any Barnes & Noble, it has a nice comfy cafe, and a large selection of books.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They stock a decent selection, and the prices are pretty reasonable.  Obviously it's hard for them to compete with Amazon.  However since all the small shop bookstores are gone, it's nice to walk into one every once in a while.
3 ||| I still cannot believe that Pittsburgh has no independent bookstores!  As a result of this I have ended up spending a fair bit of time at this Barnes and Noble location.  As with all Barnes and Noble stores it has a cafe and a decent selection of popular titles.  I am a bit surprised at how smallish it is compared to other stores in this chain.  . . The bargain section seems to be perpetually picked through.  The selection is ok in that it is well stocked but sometimes a bit disorganized from other customers pawing through the books, less popular titles are a bit hard to find.  The customer service here is pretty good.. . They could use more chairs.
3 ||| Great Barnes and Noble location, and they have plenty of books that'll help you pass the time.
2 ||| Barnes & Noble, it's like the Wal-Mart of bookstores.  Beating down the competition of other now defunct national competitors and mom and pop type stores alike.  . . I'm not quite sure whether I'm in a cafe, at a newspaper stand, a book store, a CD shop, a movie house or a flea market sometimes.  With all the tables and shelves that  you have to dodge it's a bit hard to figure it out.  Feels like the place should implode on itself and then reform into an audio book about coffee.. . I don't know about y'all, but I'd rather buy my books from a place that has more knowledge about the merchandise they are selling than a national chain like this.
5 ||| Such nice staff.  . . I really lament the decline of the modern bookstore.  I really enjoy browsing and picking up a new book.  . . The store has a great selection and the staff are always helpful and kind.  . . I really hope this store stays here for some.  The prices are also fair and often have great discounts.
3 ||| I have to agree with Matthew U on this one. I do enjoy Barnes & Nobles but sometimes i get lost just trying to find a darn calendar. I went here after a dinner date with some neighbors and couldn't believe how packed it was. We had to wait 10 minutes just to find enough chairs to seat 4 people. We ended up stealing them from other tables. Not to mention my hubby stood in line for 15 minutes just to get an Ice tea lemonade.. . So amidst all the books, newspapers and magazines they have an audio and video section. The prices aren't anything to rave about. I can buy the same movies online for a lot cheaper there's just the waiting period. I do shop here sometimes for there discount books. I found a lot of great recipe and mystery books for really cheap, like under $5. That's a pretty good deal but considering there is a half priced book store who has a great selection of books for literally half the price of retailers, how can you beat those prices. . . B&N is more of a hangout spot with books in case you want to buy one right there and then. But everything is kind of confusing you always need to ask where something is. I'd rather shop online for anything i really want. It's just not worth it to buy it wholesale.
3 ||| Are B&N not allowed to have lounge areas anymore? I used to love studying and doing work in their comfy chairs and sit there allllll day... but I feel like within the last 4 years or so, I haven't been in a single B&N that had such areas anymore. I love books and have always felt that B&N can give you a good deal. But I'm not a fan of this particular location because it's not that big. Although, it is pretty clean!. . The Starbucks area they have is okay. The starbucks employees in these types of locations are always not the best..but I don't go there for the coffee obviously. I do find it annoying that they don't take Starbucks giftcards though - I believe they take B&N giftcards and you can also apply your B&N membership discount.. . Also, their bathrooms are pretty atrocious. If you can hold it, I would advise you to hold it.. . Parking: the location is within a shopping area..so I wouldn't say it has it's own private lot per se, but it's an open lot and not actual 'street parking.'
3 ||| Nice venue,  good food, great beer, awful service.  Staying at the Sheraton here I've patronized Bar Louie a dozen times recently and they screw up the order in some fashion every single time, without exception.
2 ||| I stopped here yesterday with Rob and Matt after golf to have a few drinks prior to seeing "The Hangover" at Loews across the street.  Incidentally, "The Hangover" is one of the funniest movies I've seen in years and worth the $10 to see it in the theater.  Okay, back to the restaurant the space itself is very nice.  There are plenty of hightops, plasmas and a few booths.  It's spacious and they have outdoor seating and open windows.  We sat at the bar and were greeted relatively quickly by the bartender who was tending a pretty much empty bar.  I ordered a guinness as usual, Rob ordered a long island iced tea and Matt had a miller light.  Make sure and tell them if you want a top shelf tea else you'll be getting the stuff in the plastic bottles.  I sampled Rob's long island tea and it was not that good way too much sours.  The next one he ordered was much better after a little guidance to the bartender.  The bartender herself was okay, not too friendly but quick enough with the pours.  I don't remember her name which is usually not a good sign.  We ordered a few things from the appetizer menu.  We started with the chips and salsa.  The chips were crisp enough, but not served warm and the salsa had some spice but the colors were a little off kind of looked like the color of pea soup.  Rob then ordered the philly cheese steak sliders.  I tried one it was okay I guess  the bun was warm and it was pretty loaded with cheese and onions.  He asked for a side of mayo and they said they were out, which is bizarre because there is a giant eagle a couple blocks away.  This pretty much sums up my experiences at the Bar Louie's I've been too.  They kind of do just enough for me to come back but rarely make any real effort with service.  Maybe I'm being too critical... I tried to order the baked goat cheese, but they were out... So, I settled on the hummus appetizer.  This was surprisingly pretty good.  The pita was warm and toasted the hummus had lots of flavor and the tabouleh was edible.  It's probably best to stick to simple stuff when dining here.  Matt had the hot wings which I tried one and it was okay, your pretty standard mass produced chicken wing.  All in all this place isn't that bad.  If you want to grab a drink before or after the movie and you're more concerned with convenience than necessarily friendly service and really good food than you could do worse.
4 ||| Don't even think about not getting the pretzel dippers its pretzel sticks with honey mustard, cinnamon butter, and a spicy queso dip. The queso is my favorite but they were all delish. I also got the bruschetta which was very garlicky but delicious. 5-7 M-F is 1/2 off appetizers so I was able to get both the pretzel sticks and bruschetta for 7 bucks as a meal. The menu had a pretty wide range- my friend very much enjoyed a pear and chicken salad. We didn't get drinks but some looked good...
3 ||| An absolute must if you're going to a movie and want a drink ($3 drafts and $5 special martinis) and some half-off apps on a weekday from 5 to 7. However, we were bothered that none of the special martinis actually resembled a real martini. No gin or vermouth was used, it's mostly purees and champagne floats with flavored vodkas.. . Anyway, the small plates made for good "upscale" bar food. Half-price apps make for a cheap, but nice, dinner and a movie - great, great specials. However, I would not buy a full-priced dinner here. Nothing aside from the apps grabbed me for the outstanding price. The baked goat cheese was small but delicious, and the tempura fried shrimp was just right but the sauces didn't match up exactly.. . Be warned that the seats make you feel like you're going to be swallowed by them. Seriously, the booth was like sitting in the mouth of a whale.
3 ||| The Pros: Great view of the city and river in good weather...  . Lovely for loud large groups. Varied menu with some original items. Great place to watch a game inside with a huge bar. Fun location. Good place to take out of towners.. . The Cons: The food when I went yesterday was not great.  We got the wrong sandwich, our order wasn't as described because the kitchen was out of "lots of things"  (Tell us when we order, not when you deliver the meal without elements on the plate.)  . Can be loud--not a place for a romantic date.... The bathroom condition was really bad.. . The server did comp up an appetizer, and they were friendly enough.. they just failed to wow. . . The view was great, and we did enjoy walking around seeing the fountain dance to "Pour some sugar on me"  seriously?!?!?  Yes!   Classy eh?
3 ||| Went there on Saturday night following a movie at loews.  We sat at the bar and watched the olympics on their  multiple large flatscreen tvs.   Ordered the calamari and shrimp quesadillas.   The calamari was crisp and plentiful the quesadilla however missed the mark.   It wasnt crispy and it tasty sauscy instead of gooey.   The menu is large and reminds me of epcot with all the different ethnicities represented.   gordan Ramsey would probably comment on the lack of focus at first sight.   Miller Lites are $4 a pop which was a big downer as i got my $85 bill for two apps and multiple miller lites.  . . Great atmosphere and probably a fine place to watch the pens game.. Food looks like its hit or miss. . All in all would rather drive down the road to the south side for a post movie food grub and tottie.
1 ||| The words "epic fail" get thrown around a lot these days....but I really feel like they apply in this situation.. . We went on Friday, April 2 and arrived at 5:10pm.  It was busy, but not crowded....no waiting for a table.  Half price apps and drinks -- we ordered at 5:20.. . The food (just appetizers, mind you...) didn't arrive till almost 6pm.  Drinks were ordered and were unbelievably slow.  We placed one order for 6 draft beers at 6:15...they arrived at 6:52.  *37 minutes for beer.*. . By 7:00, we were canceling food orders which we'd given up on after waiting almost an hour.  We just wanted to leave.. . Instead of comping anything, they added 18% gratuity to each of our bills.  Uhhhh yeah.  Thanks for giving me one more reason never to come back.   We finally were able to leave around 7:30.. . Bar Louie:  You are dead to me.
2 ||| I had the EXACT same experience as John R. Went here to get a quick bite to eat before seeing a movie across the street. The place was near empty and there were three waitresses. Got seated and waited on immediately. Ordered drinks, and it took them 15 minutes to come...no, not alcoholic drinks, two waters and an iced tea. This should have been a bad sign, but at this point we ordered food.. . 20 minutes go by...we flag down our waitress, to let her know that we need to get to a movie in 45 minutes. She said our food would be out in a few minutes. Another 20 minutes, still no food, and our waitress is nowhere to be seen. We flag down another waitress, she says she will find our waitress, who we then notice is chatting with one of the other waitresses. She finishes her conversation and finally makes her way over to our table about five minutes later. She says she didn't even realize our food hadn't arrived (well, you never even checked on us, so of course you didn't). After speaking with the kitchen staff, she informs us that she "definitely" put our order in so it "must have been given to someone else by mistake." Because they wouldn't have noticed that that WASN'T what they ordered? Seriously?. . The waitress told us she could give us our food for take out and, since we were starving, we reluctantly agreed. 10 minutes later, our food and the bill arrived. All that was comped was the iced tea, and we got some free utensils and wetnaps. How generous! We shovelled what we could into our mouths, did NOT leave a tip (thankfully, we didn't have the added gratuity that John had), and sprinted to our movie where we covertly finished our smuggled food. Worst part? I opened the wetnap, and it was totally dry. Of course.. . However, I gave this place two stars instead of one. That's because my food, when I finally got it, was perfect. I had the Greek burger and it was huge, cooked exactly how I like it, with delicious toppings. I really wish I could come back here for the food but...hell no.
3 ||| Service has always been good and the food consistent, we usually come for happy hour when apps are half off and there's some great deals on drinks as well.. . Things that stand out to me: veggie wrap, fried zucchini, hummus tabuleh and tzatziki platter, and house salad with ranch (their ranch is so good I could eat it with a spoon)
2 ||| Let me just say that this used to be a place I loved.. . Remember when you'd go somewhere and have good food, great service and a general pleasant experience and then a few months you'd go back and have it all again? Well one day you decide to go back and you realized everything has changed in a way that you can't describe and the place is no longer familiar. To me, that is Bar Louie. . I can't say the food is bad. I had an order of the pretzel sticks for an appetizer and the cinnamon sauce tasted like water and the pretzels were stale. I will say I still ate them so shame on me. My  sandwich (the Mario) as always was very good.. . Now here comes the bad:. . 1. There were fruit flies EVERYWHERE. I felt like we were eating on top of a garbage dump. At one point I had to get a new drink because one flew in my beer. I understand that the establishment is an indoor/outdoor place but there is no reason for 15 fruit flies to hover over my table.. . 2. The place is enormous and they had one, very nice, but over worked server. The girl looked like she was about to have a heart attack because she never stopped moving.. . 3. Because of number two our service in general was not good. I can't totally blame the girl she did the best we could. I mean. I've played Diner Dash on my iPad, I know what happens when a place fills up too quickly when you are the only one working.. . It's sad when a place you love turns into a place you never want to go again. I think I'm being very generous by giving it two stars but because I used to love it so much I can't rate it that low. Part of me hopes it gets better, but like an absentee father it'll just let me down again.
1 ||| We were going to see a movie that started at 9:40pm. The 2 of us got to Bar Louie at 8:30.  We sat outside, and it was nearly 30 minutes before the waiter even stopped to get our order.  I tried stopping a waitress but was told 'this isn't my table'.  Finally the waiter took our order.  1 Sam Adams light bottle, and one Pineapple Juice+Vodka.  After about 15minutes another waiter (maybe the manager I don't know) asked if we had been waited on. We said yes, and told him we had been waiting.  He left, and another (different) waitress came to bring us our drinks.. they were wrong.. My date was given vodka on the rocks. and I was given a Sam Adams.. . They took these back, and another 10 minutes before the correct order was served.. We told them to bring another round and the check.  It was 20 minutes before they returned.. and they forgot the check.. . By this time we had to go to be on time for the movie.. my date asked for the check again so we could leave.. finally they brought it and I gave him my card, when he came back we signed it and left in a hurry to catch the movie.. . for 2 bottle beers, and 2 pineapple juice + vodka I was charged $31.03. I didn't have time to complain or ask. I won't be going back.
3 ||| Food was ok. Waitress was a huge air head. Waited 25 min for my $7.00 beer. Only got it after I reminded her. It is just another disappointing chain restaurant disguised as a local commodity.
3 ||| Although I wouldn't  travel out of my way to have dinner here, this is a resturant that I enjoy having a meal at, when I am in the Homestead water front. On all of my visits here I have enjoyed the tempura shrimp. The dipping sauce are to die for.  I've found myself craveing the tempura shrimp, and the accompanying sauces. . . The first time I ever had dinner here was as a birthday dinner with me and my big sister. So this resturant has sentimental value to me. I attach eating here to having a special night out in the Waterfront. . . Bar Louie has some very flavorful and fun dishes for bar food, that is.
1 ||| When the ratio to wait staff to diners is 3:1 you'd think you could get service!!!. . Nothing erks me more then seeing idol wait staff and hungry patrons. I very rarely walk out of a restaurant with out having eaten first. I came here on Saturday ay 6pm. Almost none of the diners had food on their table and many of them didn't have drinks in the 15 minutes I was there I counted 9 waitress again I counted 9 waitresses and not a one of them came over to our table to get even a drink order. Just from the looks of it I could tell staying any longer would be a total train wreck. So after 15 minutes of waitress counting we left with empty bellies.
1 ||| I came here last night to get a few appetizers before a movie, and was hoping to be able to write a review on the food. Unfortunately, I cannot because the service was so bad that I left before I had the chance to order. We found seats at the bar behind the taps. After sitting there for 5 minutes and not being acknowledged, we thought that they might not be able to see us, and so we moved to a different pair of seats in the middle of the bar, grabbing a few menus on the way so we would be ready to order. It was fairly busy, but it is not like there were people standing at the bar trying to get drinks - everyone was seated and I'm sure they face much busier times. We sat in our new seats for almost 15 minutes (I timed it - I am not exaggerating), and were not even acknowledged. You would at least think the bartender would acknowledge us and tell us he would be with us when he could, but despite staring him down almost the whole time, we could not even make eye contact. I hope this is a fluke but will probably not be back to find out.
4 ||| Went here for drinks and nachos and it is a very nice establishment.  The nachos were very good the drinks pricy but t be expected in a setting like this place.  There are fire places outside on the patio a huge bar and even though it doesnt seat many there is a very nice cozy setting upstairs.  Go here to relax or enjoy good food both thumbs up.
4 ||| I've eaten just once, mostly I go for drinks. Nice, lively place, nice outdoor seating for the summer and fall.. Drinks are good, service is good.. Location is great as well, right across the movie theater.
4 ||| love the ambiance and food!!
5 ||| $1 burger night on Tuesday. Add ons more.
4 ||| haha only came here once for happy hour, but i am just pleased with the price. i guess coming from ny, anything would be better price wise. $3 for draft and a big selection of beers so good times. also it's right across the theater so it's a good place to go and chill before the movie starts.. which is exactly what i did haha.
3 ||| It was the first time that I went to this location.  We sat outside and it was a beautiful night.  I had the BBQ Burger with fries.  For the price of the burger I expected something much better.  It was a very thin burger when it came to the meat.  As a whole it looked large but that was only because of what they piled on top of it.  In addition, their drinks are expensive!  Just one cocktail could run between $10-$12 and they aren't very large.  Our waitress spent more time talking to her friends at the next table than actually tending to our needs.  There are enough restaurants at the Waterfront that I don't know that I will come back here.
3 ||| I personally enjoyed my recent visit to Bar Louie with a friend but completely understand the poor reviews on help. The restaurant is pricey for what it is, and our waitress was a bit lackluster.. . So why does Bar Louie get 3 stars? Happy Hour and a nice patio!. . Happy Hour is on Monday-Friday from 4-7pm and offers lots of different options -- $3 Drafts, $4 Wines, $5 Martinis, and 1/2 Price Select Appetizers and Flatbreads. My friend and I ordered 4 Martinis and 3 Appetizers between the 2 of us, and our bill was less than $40 total. Not bad!. . I ordered a Strawberry Peach Bellini and a S'Mores Martini, and both were tasty. We shared Bruschetta Pomodoro, Spinach & Artichoke Dip, and Roasted Vegetable Flatbread. The food was also good, and I would order all three items again in the future.. . My recommendation is to understand what Bar Louie is good at (Happy Hour) and only frequent the restaurant at those times!
3 ||| This place was pretty good food, but the service however was just horrible. As a friend said they hire for looks, not work ethic. Plus the fact that it took forty minutes just to get a couple appetizers was ridiculous. Our server seemed more interested in the table full of girls than actually waiting on us. The couple behind us came in the same time and wasn't even attended too until after OUR appetizers were being cleared off. . . The food was pretty good, but because of the service I won't be returning.
1 ||| Servers are chatting, not paying attention to tables. I can see my salad is ready at the window. Worst serves ever.
1 ||| Meh, I just don't see the appeal Bar Louis has to Pittsburghers. I guess this particular restaurant benefits from people who work at the Waterfront stopping in after a shift. It's always packed. Being so close to the AMC theater, they get traffic before and after movies. . . It's expensive, the food is so so. Before I get ahead of myself, I had the BBQ ranch chicken salad without chicken. The BBQ ranch dressing was very good, but it's very easy to duplicate at home. It's equal parts ranch dressing and KC Masterpiece hickory BBQ sauce and a drop or two of Worcestershire and a drop of franks hot sauce. . . Tuesday is dollar burgers 5 until midnight, daily drink and happy hour selections, but even that's not enough to get me here. Skip it. One caveat for this location, free parking. At Station Square's location you gotta pay to park the jalopy.. . I'm eager to see if this place sees a huge drop in business when Burgatory opens across the street.
2 ||| I am normally a Bar Louie Fan - my husband and I LOVE the one in Tampa.  This location needs a lot of work.  We went on a Friday evening before a show at the Improv.  We were looking to meet up with friends and have drinks and a quick bite to eat.  We never got to the food part because of the level of service that we received.  We got there at about 6:40/6:45 so Happy Hour was wrapping up, but I would say that the bar was not even 3/4 full.  There were also plenty of empty tables.  This should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction.  But we grabbed a table.  I am not a clock watcher, so I am not sure how long it took us to get a server but it was at least 5-7 minutes.  Then we got our drinks at 7:04.  The only reason that I know is because I was looking at my phone because my husband and I wanted to get some apps ordered before the end of Happy Hour.  That went out the window.  When our friends for there; they ordered drinks.  We finished them and left.  The server was nice, that is not the issue.  The issue was how GROSSLY UNDERSTAFFED they were.  They had two bartenders on (I think) and not nearly enough cocktail servers.  The server apologized for the wait on the drinks, but explained it away with "this happens at the end of happy hour because the bar get swamped".  That is a sign that you need more staff.  I have never had this happen at any other bar before.  Get more staff.  We ended up passing up on food because we were worried about time, not the fact that we did not get HH pricing.  Even though, in my opinion, they should have honored HH pricing since we were ready to order food at 7:50/7:55.  We ended up going to the Improv and got food there.  Bar Louie lost a great deal of my money because their lack of staffing and they will never get our Pittsburgh business again or our friends who live there.
1 ||| We stopped here to enjoy a drink before our movie. Our server, was friendly. My husband had a margarita and my server suggested a berry mojito to me.. Both drinks were overly sweet and barely any alcohol.  After I finished my drink, I used my fork to dig for the blackberries at the bottom only to find (to my disgust), a decent sized piece of clear saran wrap! Ugg! Did they muddle the mint into the saran wrap?!!! She comped the drink but we won't be back.. Can't speak about the food since we didn't have any but atmosphere was loud and it was difficult to have a conversation without repeating yourself.
1 ||| I can't even review this place. We sat ourselves and waited for a waitress to take our order, and we waited and waited until we got tired and just left. And I have to be clear it was a Saturday afternoon, maybe like 10 tables with people at them and I saw 3 waitress walking around. I think it's probably a bad idea to ignore people that come into your restaurant, especially since burgatory just opened across the street.
4 ||| Man, haters gonna hate.  Listen, y'all, Bar Louie isn't fancy.  It's just not and their extensive martini list won't fool me.  However, the food is good ole American bar grub and their beer selection is decent.  The staff has been nothing but nice even when my wannabe rowdy group of friends spent many a summer day sitting a table for four hours drinking dollar beers.  As long as Bar Louie still keeps having $1 Burger Days (Tuesdays) and $1 Beer Days (Wednesdays), I will continue to be a fan.  FYI, It's a fanatically cheap movie & dinner/drinks weekday date spot.
2 ||| The food was okay. The noise level--with 10 people in a huge room--deafening. Awful acoustics!
2 ||| Food is Shitty probably would be good if they had a cook that knew how to cook it correctly.  Staff is ok no complaints drinks are good as well
2 ||| Eh, this place was okay but it was sort of a weird crowd/overall experience for a Saturday night.. . Bobby and I came here after dinner and sat up at the bar. Tip: if you sit behind the taps, no one will bother to acknowledge you exist. When we moved seats, we were finally asked what we would like to drink after waiting for 5+ minutes in our original seats. It wasn't all that busy, either. Most of the people sitting at the bar were a bit older than we were. It seems that Bar Louie is trying too hard to be trendy with the decor/neon blue lighting/extensive martini list. Maybe I'm just salty about the wait.
4 ||| I rather like Bar Louie for my outdoor dining experience after biking the rail trail or before a movie.  Been there twice now for both of before-mentioned occasions and both times had their appetizers.  Note that if you can catch them during their happy hour from 5 to 7pm on weeknights, your pocket book will thank you.. . The two of us diners selected three appetizers to share the first visit and two on the second visit and were quite satisfied with presentation, quantity, and quality.. . I would highly recommend the Bruschetta Pomodoro and the calamari (breaded just right and not overdone).
2 ||| I don't frequent Bar Louie, and I really don't plan to change that any time soon. I've eaten here and stopped in for drinks a couple times over the years and I just haven't been super impressed by the place.. . The food has been decent - a few years back I splurged on an enormous fried chicken sandwich and definitely enjoyed it, glutton that I am - but their meals and appetizers alike have admittedly never "wowed" me. And while I enjoy their cocktails and would consider stopping in just for drinks more often, the problem is that things are way overpriced here. Even during the happy hour drinks are pretty costly, not to mention that I think most of the drinks I personally like don't qualify for the happy hour discount, which is disappointing. Once I stopped in with friends after a movie and one drink cost me $10 here. Not even a large one, either! Sorry, but I find that to be kind of ridiculous, especially since there's cheaper places to get drinks in the area.. . Still, the food and drinks are definitely a-ok albeit overpriced, so this place would be rated 3 stars in my mind IF I could hear myself think when I eat here. But good Lord, they're just so loud! I always leave with a sore throat from yelling to make myself heard. Not cool, Bar Louie. Not cool.. . So while the food and drinks are fine enough the loud venue and prices mean that this is definitely not one of my favorite places - and given the other options we have at the Waterfront I don't expect to be back in any time soon.
3 ||| My sons a and I came for Tuesday Dollar Burger Night. You can gat a "burger" (beef, chicken, portabella, or turkey) in a bun with lettuce for a buck. Then you can add toppings to complete your burger at a small cost-cheese 75 cents, veggies 50 cents, Artery Cloggers 75 cents, sauce 25 cents. Those are the headings and they have items listed under them-like 9 different cheeses. You can also get a basket of tots or fries for a small price as well. . My burger was $2.25 after I added toppings. Is it the best burger I've ever had? No. But is it the best $2.25 burger I've ever had?  Yes. It's kind if a Russian roulette as to how your burger will come to you cooked. Mine was well done and one if my son's burger had pink in the middle. We probably could have sent it back but we don't mind a little pink. . I love the tater tots!  They are crispy and have the right amount of salt. Yummy!!. Our server was great and we'll definitely be back.
3 ||| Great environment at night! Songs going on very lively!! The food of my friends who ordered burger and fried shrimps was not that great. But I ordered chicken flatbread which was really delicious! Absolutely loved it  will definitely go here again just for the flatbreads
5 ||| Great atmosphere and rather humble, especially for a chain restaurant. The service is always friendly, even if they are busy. I enjoy taking clients out for drinks there because of the enjoyable bartenders and wide array of drinks on their menu. I highly recommend their chicken sliders and you have to try their tempura shrimp. . . Be sure to make a reservation because they can get busy too!
4 ||| I'm not into waterparks as much as I am into amusement parks.  I go to Sandcastle maybe once a year.  But my Chicago friend Catherine came in to visit for the weekend and after a day at the zoo, we donned our swimsuits and came here.  The main part of the park is closed in the evenings, but the Sandbar and the Sandbar Pool and the Hot Tub remain open for the 21 and over set.  The Sandbar has a great menu of food and drinks and has a $6.00 cover charge to get in.  Occasionally there's live entertainment.. . It's hard to believe that before they built this place, it was the site of an abandoned steel mill.  Actually, it was the railroad yard for the nearby Homestead Works.  But after site-clearing and clean-up, they turned it into a beautiful place to spend a warm day or nice evening.  The view across the Mon is quite beautiful with a wooded hillside on the other side.  There's even a boat dock, so you can arrive by river if you desire.. . I'm glad I renewed my acquaintance with this place and hopefully, I'll get another chance to come back.
2 ||| It's fun, but not as fun as Kennywood. The boardwalk food is a bit too far from the wave pool and that makes for a lot of shoes on/shoes off events. The lazy river could be much better. I did like the water slides and the Potato Patch fries, as well as the scenic location.
4 ||| How many times do you get to fall at 70mph, wearing only shorts? Sandcastle can make it happen.. . If you're going, it's best to stop by Giant Eagle and grab you some discount tickets from the customer service desk.  $25 is still a bit much in my opinion, but it's better than spending the full $30.99.. . There isn't much I can think of that's in Sandcastle that isn't a great time, except maybe walking around and scorching your feet on the boardwalk.  I personally am a huge fan of some of the faster tube slides, and of course the massive speed slide.  If you're looking for a more relaxed ride, check out the Lazy River, or screw around in the big pool.  There's also a pretty nice wave pool there for your amusement.. . There's also plenty of stuff for kids to do... But I don't have kids, so I don't know how all that is.. . They do close at 7PM, which is a bit early, so be warned: you definitely want to show up earlier in the day.  BUT it's definitely a good idea to close the park if you can: right toward the end, the lines disappear, and you can ride over and over.  Win!
3 ||| Sandcastle is a mixed bag for the kiddos.  On the one hand, there are plenty of waterslides/pools that are a good fit for young "riders", on the other hand, Sandcastle, like any city amusement park, attracts more than its fair share of highschool kids looking to spend some time away from their parents and assert their personhood.  . . Unfortunately that element doesn't particularly care about "censoring" speech for 9 year old ears, and worse, in the Mon Tsunami, about personal space, since the wave pool becomes a near mosh pit of jostling and strutting and shoving and 'showing off' for the fairer sex, and that can be a little dicey for the littler kids.. . Having said that, it's still a good day at the park. . . cheese fries, a cool dip in the pool on a hot day, some fun slides. . . . . I think in rating Sandcastle fairly you have to understand the context of the park.  It is NOT policed particularly effectively.  if you take small children you have to be a diligent parent and be aware of your surroundings, paying attention to the group of 17 somethings thrashing around in your near vicinity, "accidentally" bumping into people for a reaction from their group.  . . MOSTLY it's a good time.  Mostly.
4 ||| So the last time I went to a water park was probably when I was in elementary school and didn't really know how to swim (... I still kinda don't. lol). Anyway, it was in California at Raging Rivers and it was a traumatizing experience. Screaming & being tossed around in the pool that pushes periodic waves at the sound of a loud horn and ending up with scraped knees and feet. Not fun.. . So to say the least, I was a bit nervous coming to this water park afraid to have another episode of feeling I was being drowned. Luckily that did not happen.. . I seriously had SO MUCH fun here! I honestly was only expecting to go on the Lazy River pool all day but with my bf, we hit up so many rides... tandem AND single rides! I feel like such a big girl now! Definitely lean back while you're on those single donuts on the water rides, or else you feel like you're going to flip over while swishing down the tubes. The new dragon ride they just opened up was okay. I was expecting it to be so much more fun, but literally you just slide down a dark tube into a circular room where you just slowly swirl your way down the middle hole and that was it. . . There was this one ride where you slide down the tubes for a few seconds, then you land into a pool where a worker pushes you into another tube and this continues about 3 times. It was weird. Kinda awkward with the worker having to grab you and push you through. Although it was still fun. The last dude threw me in backwards! Scared the crap out of me but it was fun :). . The food here is surprisingly pretty affordable. Plus, who wants to eat a huge meal while in your swim suit. Me don't want no pot belly. . . Overall I had such a fun time here. It definitely made me rethink my fear of water parks. By the way, we went on a Saturday in early June and it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be! So the lines weren't long at all. Also, go to Giant Eagle to purchase your discounted tickets. You save a few bucks versus buying them at the water park. Oh and don't forget to bring sandals while walking around. Your feet will literally feel like they're burning from the ground. Now go off and have some fun! :)
3 ||| We're lucky to have a waterpark in the Burgh.  I have to keep telling myself that when I want to complain about this place.  I DO think it's a great place to take the fam or even, in my case, spend a day relaxing... if you can!  . . Let's do the compliment sandwich.  Positive - negative - positive!  . . The negative... I feel like Sandcastle is the forgotten redheaded stepchild of Kennywood.  They keep pouring money into K-wood, but Sandcastle stays the same year after year.  Now, granted I haven't been there in YEARS, but everything seemed the same as I left it other than one new slide.  I haven't been there in about 9 years.  One new slide in 9 years?  Hmmmmm..... . I see major places to improve.  Especially the pool.  I honestly think the slides are great, although you could always add more, they're still fun.  The pool... it's just packed.  So packed that you'd think they'd add a second pool.  Looking around it looks like they have the extra space.  Maybe an adults only pool?  Swimming with 20 zillion kids, plus adults drinking (yes I like that you can bring your bevvie in the pool... but it's kinda weird being around so many kids) and you start to wonder how clean the water is.  I mean, 20 zillion kids you gotta expect a good amount of kiddos are peeing in the pool!  . . The sidewalks are also scalding hot.  I'd assume since many of the people are walking around barefoot you'd be able to custom order some kind of non sun absorbing surface.  And I"m NOT investing in those dorky water shoes, sorry!  . . I'm ALWAYS happy to see a Potato Patch stand!  Just as good as K-wood!  They also serve chicken tender, which is nice if you want a little meat to add on.  Nothing more is needed for me!  Although the frozen drinks looked tasty and tempting, it was so hot out I was just downing water by the gallons.  You're also allowed to bring in your own snacks and food, which I think is nice for families who want to save a little mola.  . . Again, Sandcastle is so awesome to have in the Burgh, it would be nice to see improvements.  It always seems packed in the summer months, so why not keep on improving it?  Or maybe they think don't fix what's not broken.  I just may stick to a cleaner, less pee filled community pool for my water fun fix!
1 ||| Dont waste your time with this place.  Long lines, overpriced and no shade or cooling spots while you wait. Half the "rides" were shut down. You're better off with a garden hose. Save your money or buddy up to someone with a pool.
5 ||| I LOVE Sandcastle. . First, let me say that I'm reviewing the waterpark, not the people. The park has little to no control over the people that visit the park and the way they or their children behave. . . If you are going to visit, I would HIGHLY suggest you try to go on a weekday. I've attempted to visit on nice weekends before when the park has actually been at capacity and they are no longer allowing people in. It gets CROWDED on the weekends, especially if the weather is nice. There aren't a ton of nice days in the summer in Pittsburgh, so when there are nice days, people come out in droves! . . The slides are a blast, the lines are sometimes very long, but worth it. The lazy river is great when it's not wall to wall people. I really enjoy the new Dragon's Den but the line is CRAZY long for it! They also have a fantastic bar area, we have gone a few times and enjoyed a festive beverage while we enjoy the sun!. . They have several areas for smaller children, which are all fantastic. . . If you are visiting, trying to take advantage of the giant eagle discount tickets, because these can get really pricey. You can also do a Sandcastle/Kennywood ticket, where you visit Sandcastle during the day and Kennywood at night. It's a fantastic deal, but boy could that be exhausting!
3 ||| okay, so it's not as fun as kennywood but i guess it's still cool... . . i planned ahead a day to go for me & bobby (his first time) it was supposed to be nice day, but the weather changed in 2 weeks.. . . we picked a nice time.. since it was literally supposed to rain all day, there werent any long lines/ we literally rode every water slide in one hour. then we went to head to the lazy river--- & it was closed! they said it was closed due to not enough attendence, but i mean come on. we still paid $70 for 2 people to come in this park where i just rode everything in one hour.. keep the lazy river open so i can kill an hour! aah. the cliff hanger was also closed- like always. . . so we just went and rode everything again. the Dragon's Den is sweet and the blue tubaluba is as well. bobby had a blast on the speed slides. i have to admit though, i do miss the regular body slide. . . another reason i chose august 3rd to go to sandcastle was that the park was open until 7pm rather than 5 or 6 like regular days. well actually at 4:45 we recieved a "15 minute warning" that the park was closing at 5 due to rain. ugh, a little more time would've been helpful. . . i couldnt hear the warning and asked an employee who said they were closing in ten minutes due to the weather and being under-staffed to stay open until 7. it started to rain at 5 and literally at 5:20 the rain was over . the park could've just shut down the rides until the rain cloud passed,  but due to being under-staffed would rather hand out rain checks.. which is fine because we get an another entire day, but i mean it would be a terrible inconvience from someone out of town who planned a family day. . . overall, the smile on my boyfriend's face was priceless, but i truly wish we could've enjoyed the lazy river and the park until 7. hopefully next time things go as planned....
4 ||| Now here's a place that knows what it is. A place to ride a few slides, relax on the lazy river, and watch the hilarious pittsburghers walk around with Jesus tattoos and many children. . . Come for the slides, stay for the people watching.
5 ||| For some reason, I had a tremendous amount of anxiety about buying a new mattress. Maybe I was just self-conscious about rolling around on a bunch of beds in a public place. . . ABD Mattress quickly alleviated any idiotic fears I may have had. The store was empty when I arrived on a Monday afternoon and I was attended to immediately and never felt pressured. ABD has a great selection of mattresses, and the prices cannot be beat. I picked up a full plush pillow-top mattress for a cool $375 (without a box spring or a frame, since I already had one). Better yet? Delivery is free AND prompt. You pick a three-hour timeframe, and the store will call you on the day of delivery to narrow it to a one-hour slot so you're not sitting around all afternoon.
5 ||| I'm a mattress buying novice. I also hate buying things that require you to try-before-you-buy. I also seem to give explanatory information about myself before reviews. Anyway. . . I had a lot of anxiousness about buying a mattress. If it's terrible, you'll be spending a large proportion of your life in misery until you fix the problem. Who wants that? Especially for something that can be as expensive as a mattress? . . These people were great. They patiently answered all of my mattress questions and treated me like a valued customer - both times I called, the man on the phone remembered my name (and number!) and took care of me. When I failed to buy a box spring (why oh why did I think I could go without a box spring??) they were able to take care of me over the phone and get me a box spring in the SAME day. Within hours, even. They even helped me set up the mattress that I DIDN'T purchase from them, which blew me away. . . Their professionalism and friendliness are excellent. I will recommend them to everyone who's in the market for a mattress, especially students, because their student deals are fantastic.
5 ||| The only place to buy a mattress.. . Both my wife and I and our daughter desperately needed new mattresses so I decided to check this place out. We went on a Sunday afternoon and were the only ones in the store. Lee greeted us and showed us around the store. They offer mattresses, recliners, dinettes, daybeds, bunk beds and bedroom furniture. We found her a great mattress at a great price. While waking around the store my wife found a Serta iComfort series mattress for us that felt like heaven to lay on. . . Lee had told us about their free 18 month no interest financing through Wells Fargo Bank, free bed frame, free delivery and set up of your new bed and free removal of your old mattress and box spring which made it a no brainer! I went in to only buy our daughter a new mattress but I bought us a new one as well. No one can beat their prices! I compared the price of our new mattress to Levin, Macy's and Mattress Discounters. No one came close to the price we got at American Buyers. Everywhere else was double the price for just our mattress not including our daughters so it was like getting hers for free..  . Take it from me, when it comes to your sleep, DO NOT BUY A CHEAP MATTRESS!!! We bought a cheap, supposed Serta mattress in 2008 from Mattress Discounters. The boxed spring had to be replaced about 2 years after owning the bed. I don't think I will have that problem again as our new Serta has a full 25 year warranty. . . A couple days later our daughters mattress was delivered first and about a week later our new mattress was delivered. The delivery guys had our old mattress and box spring out and our new frame, box spring and mattress set up in less than 10 minutes.. . I highly recommend American Buyers Discount Mattress for all of your bedding needs.
5 ||| This is the most reliable car service I have experienced in Pittsburgh. Amazing service. For the last four years, we have used them each week to pick up and drop off colleagues at the airport. They're always waiting by the Hertz counter, ahead of time, without fail. Even when the flight is early or had a 3 hour delay. They charge about $10 more than a yellow cab. If you have client you need picked up or dropped off at the airport, I would highly recommend First Class. . . My first time in Pittsburgh, when the driver heard I was on an interview, he even gave me a free tour of a few neighborhoods in the city.
5 ||| I agree with the other reviewers. I tried these guys based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. . . I'm a grumpy New Englander, and have been frustrated by the small town, easygoing/careless customer service at many PGH businesses. These guys are different: professional, punctual (even in snow!).
5 ||| Great customer service.  I was in Pittsburgh for business and needed a car to get back to the airport.  I found these guys on Yelp, and the reviews were not wrong.  It was easy to order the car and pick-up was prompt.
5 ||| Ditto everyone else. I had out of towners needing to get to the airport but I had a last minute work conflict and couldn't drive them. I was nervous about using one of the standard cab companies because their track record of actually showing up isn't great. I called these guys the night before an 8am pick-up and everything went smoothly. Dave even checked on their flight for us to make sure it was on time given bad weather. If you're planning on getting a cab to the airport, definitely use First Class.
5 ||| Fabulous service all around. My husband was coming in on a redeye flight from San Diego around 9am on Saturday morning, and just before midnight on Friday, I realized I wasn't going to be able to pick him up. I called First Class Limousine Service around 12:30am and was pleasantly surprised that someone picked up. I ended up speaking to Dave, the owner, and he was able to accommodate my last-minute request. . . My husband initially went to the wrong meeting place (on account of his sleep deprivation :) so the company called me asap when he didn't show up right away--I reminded hubby about the correct meeting spot and all went well after that. He was very happy with the service and the price. I'd definitely use this company again for rides to and from the airport! Thanks everyone!
1 ||| Other people may have had a better experience with this company but that was not the case for us.  We had rented a limo/bus for a bachelor party.  Our driver Scott, was completely clueless in navigating the city. Constantly making wrong turns and missing exits. All of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go. Each destination took 3-4 times longer to reach due to his incompetence. This caused us to have to skip a couple of our originally planned stops. After returning to the bus after one of our stops we were informed by Scott that the police had come onto the bus and searched it with dogs. Really?!??!  Why??!!  How??!!  We found that our bags had been rifled through and we all felt a little violated and confused. By this point we decided to call it a night. More than half of our passengers didn't care to step back onto the bus and took cabs home. . . Just when we thought the worst was over we were wrong. As we enter the highway we realize that Scott has driven all the way up the ramp and onto the highway going THE WRONG WAY!!!  He starts slowly reversing down the ramp while oncoming cars honk and swerve all around us!  Truly terrifying. After that, we were very upset and just wanted to get home. So after several more wrong turns we finally get home. Absolutely terrible night. . . So if you'd like to book a party bus that will include a geographically blind driver, unecessary police involvement, a near death experience and just an overall sense of frustration mixed with panic then go with these guys. Otherwise, I would suggest staying far, far away!
3 ||| So I moved to Pittsburgh from Los Angeles. I know I know I know!. Anyway so theres absolutely no places in Homestead that delivered Chinese so I decided to walk down to the closest Chinese food/restaurant to my house. . . The family that runs the restaurant is very friendly. I read a review about them on Google that said the  mom looks like she might want to cook you alive. Don't believe it!. . On this visit I ordered the Steamed Dumplings(recommended by some reviewer on google...THAT LIAR) and the Vegetable Chow Fun. I generally enjoy steamed dumplings but these dumplings(too much dumpling little meat) werent so good. Theyll probably be sitting in my mini fridge tomorrow and I'll force myself to eat them when I have the munchies/starving to death. The Vegetable Chow Fun on the other hand verrrrrrrrrrrrrry yummy. Definately most have next time anyone decides to stop by. . . But all in all the verdict is you typical Chinese Take Out Place.. . *puts the menu on the fridge*
1 ||| The worse "Chinese food", even the white rice which came with the ogle sweet and sour chicken is really bad.  Please don't eat this food.
3 ||| Not bad for neighborhood corner Chinese food. The Szechwan is not good. Too much...ketchup?? The wonton soup is good.  Very good curry chicken with onion and happy family. . Egg rolls are hit or miss. Sometimes they can be a little underdone. . Is this the best place? No...but it does the trick especially for a hangover cure.
2 ||| Meh, I've experienced better is an understatement.. . Friday's is like the "fine dining chain" for every yinzer in Pittsburgh.... . 1.  When we were seated, it was quick which was a surprise.  Somehow this restaurant gets packed and I never understand why.  I was happy about that.. 2.  I ordered one of their "skinny margaritas", blackberry to be exact.  It was a nice size, however, at $6.00/pop, that was half of my food bill.. 3.  The waitress started off attentive, but after our food came out she was gone.  I ordered a turkey burger with pickle and mustard.  Loaded mashed potato on the side because I wanted heartburn ha!. 4.  Food came.  My burger had lettuce on it only.  Waitress was supposed to go and get our next round of drinks.  I had to wait to ask for my pickle.. 5.  The loaded potatoes were more like rubber than potatoes and not what I was expecting.  Disappointment.. 6.  The waitress then went into oblivion and only returned with our check.  . . Never again will I eat at Friday's.  I will, however, go should a happy hour arise...
4 ||| Haven't been to TGIFridays for years and was never really a huge fan. I get tired of going to the same places all the time for lunch so we decided to try it out. I must say that I was very impressed with how extensive the menu was and all of the delicious options. I had the two for $10 lunch special with French onion soup and terriakyi glazed chicken strips. I was told that the broccoli soup is very thick so I opted for the French onion. It was okay but I think that I would get a salad instead of the soup next time. The chicken strips were wonderful and I am still craving them. The portion was huge and there were leftovers. My co-workers ordered the Jack Daniels Sampler and burgers and were jealous at the portion and choices from the pick two. The service was good and we had no issues. I will definitely be back.
2 ||| This place.. Is ok if ur grabn something quick .. But they do have a great happy hour tho
1 ||| Boo!  What happened to this location?  It used to be happy and fun!  It just feels depressing and nearly everyone there is just doing the bare minimum to get by?  So sad.
3 ||| If I were to describe this place in one sentence I would call it a mediocre, and cheaper version of Bettis 36 on the North Shore.. . My wife and I won a gift card in a raffle.  We went for lunch on a Saturday. It was not crowded. . We entered the restaurant and were promptly seated by a nice server.  The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated and did not feel run down or old in any way.. . Our server took our drink order and returned promptly.  We got the pretzels with beer cheese appetizer and we each got a hamburger.. . Our food arrived promptly and the appetizer was "fine".  10 years ago I would have called it good or better but time has marched on and expectations are higher then they once were.. . The same goes for the main course. The fries were unremarkable but decent as were both burgers.  . . The bill was also fair.  The meal with two drinks and an appetizer was reasonable for what we got. The server was pleasant and attentive. All in all this Fridays as a good but likely quickly forgotten experience.. . I would return here for lunch like I did today.
2 ||| I'm not opposed to chain restaurants but this TGI Fridays in comparison to some of the other ones in the area truly falls short of the "chain" expectation. . . I order the Jack Daniel's chicken and shrimp with just fries. The fries were undercooked and thrown haphazardly into the sauce holder. The shrimp was over cooked and just deepfried. The chicken was fatty and just tasted like it came from their freezer. Even the water tasted weird.. . Fortunately, we had a very nice and charismatic waiter and all of the staff was very friendly. . . I'd recommend the TGI Fridays out in South Hills Village over this one any day.
4 ||| Dining outdoors after a bike ride on the rail trail.  Just the right venue for that.. . Jack Daniels ribs and shrimp.  The ribs were divine.  The shrimp not quite there -- I'd say they were overdone.  . . Our server, Ed, was very attentive.  I asked for celery in my bloody mary.  Not only did it come with a celery stalk in it, he brought over more celery.  Yummmm....
2 ||| I had a gift card so I decided to use it for a to go order. The food tasted frozen and microwaved. Nothing special just around average!
4 ||| Good food.  . . I guess one reason I like this place is they don't hide how bad the food is for you. There is a little Kiosk with all the calories right by the door.  All in all I get the flat bread pizzas and really enjoy them. . The steaks are also good and the price is reasonable.. . Service is always friendly and the establishment is kept really clean and neat
4 ||| I didn't know what to expect when I walked in, but I am now a fan. There is a cool way to review the menu on a touch kiosk to find out the calorie count. . . The place looked nice. It was clean and really cool looking. The food was really good and our waiter was nice and friendly. I will be going back to try their pizza and other food. . . We had a burger, which was really good, and we had the lobster slider. French fries were good to.
2 ||| I don't care what Cub and Bulls fans think, this Steeler and Penguins fan thinks deep dish pizza is not all that. First, the crust tastes like a biscuit, and biscuits belong nowhere near or on a pizza. I will give UNOs a thumbs up on it's flatbread, it's better pizza than some pizzerias In the area. When I look over uno's menu almost nothing excites me, this place is a dud. Guess what? Chicagoans don't know how to eat hot dogs either!
3 ||| Not quite authentic but good enough for Pittsburgh. It's the only place that I've found that even comes close to a classic Chicago style deep dish.. I also had the french onion soup that wasn't bad. The croutons were still crunchy and it had just the right amount of cheese.. . My girlfriend really enjoyed her Caesar salad and said she'd come back just for the salad.. . Overall, I enjoyed it and would come back the next time I get a craving for a deep dish pizza. It wasn't authentic but it certainly was not terrible.
2 ||| I really don't know why I bother with chain restaurants anymore.  Now that my palate has matured and I no longer think chicken fingers and french fries are gourmet cuisine, I really can't find anything to eat in a place like this.  . . My husband and I were running errands at the Waterfront, and we needed to find a place for lunch.  We decided on Uno because pizza sounded good to us.  My husband is a meat lover, so I agreed to let him order us a meat-covered pizza.  To counteract this a little, I ordered a tomato mozzarella salad, so we'd at least have some vegetables in the mix.  . . When the salad arrived, it did NOT look like the picture.  The menu description is thus: "chopped lettuce, roma tomatoes with basil and garlic, buffalo mozzarella, drizzled with balsamic syrup."  This description is accompanied by a bright, colorful picture of a salad with bright green lettuce, bright red tomatoes, and a delicate "drizzling" of balsamic syrup.  It looks light and yummy.. . What we got, however, was soggy yellow and white iceberg lettuce, COMPLETELY DRENCHED in dressing, a total of four tiny pieces of tomato, and some cheese.  It was DISGUSTING.  There was so much dressing dripping off of this dish, it was more like a soup than a salad.  I suspect that the lettuce was so wilted and brown, they figured they could disguise it by completely soaking it in dressing.  Not only was it disgusting, but it cost us about $10.  $10 for complete inedible slop.  . . The "numero uno" pizza we got was nothing to write home about either.  It was ok... very mediocre.  The crust tasted like it was undercooked, and the sauce tasted like plain tomato sauce with no seasoning whatsoever.  I have been to Chicago many times, had real Chicago deep dish many times, and this just doesn't even come close to the real thing.  . . The ONLY positive I give this restaurant is they have the kiosk in the front where you can look up the calorie count of the food right there.  It would be better if they'd actually print it on the menu, but they are still doing better than most restaurants in this effort.  They are making strides, too, with their whole grain crust options.  I'm sure there's still a lot of room for improvement, however.  If you're listening, Uno, please work on providing your customers with healthier food - not just healthy options like salads, but work on making the main dishes you serve better for your customers (low-fat cheese, low-sugar sauce, less sodium, etc.).   Their hearts will applaud you.  . . And lastly, why does every chain restaurant have to decorate with old signs?  Is there some sort of chain restaurant decorating requirement I don't know about?  It's baffling.
1 ||| Awful everything. From the bad service, to the diluted soup, to the lame-no chicken on the chicken salad, to the PRE-fabricated pizza. AVOID THIS PLACE!
2 ||| I really love deep dish pizza. The thick crust that is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The spicy, peppery sauce that can singe your tongue. The mixture of ingredients just sliding down your chin as it bubbles out of your mouth. That being said, I really don't understand why people go to Pizzeria Uno. This chain has done to the deep dish pizza what McDonald's has done to hamburgers, Pizza Hut has done to pan pizza, Dominoes has done to hand tossed pizza, and Taco Bell has done to Tex-Mex; it has made it almost unpalatable. On our menu:. . French onion. Chicken bites. Pizza with pepperoni, hamburger, and romano. . Looking past the fact that the service was not the best or the fact that the food came out undercooked and tepid in temperature, the food just was not good. Don't get me wrong, this is not the worst pizza I have ever eaten, but this chain is a perfect example of what happens when something becomes so prescribed, overhandled, and overthought that it no longer resembles the original piece of art that tasted so good. . . I really never want to return.
2 ||| Food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side Ass mashed potatoes. Everything was ok not a lot of flavor.
3 ||| Came here on a Monday night.  Boy was the place dead!  I was the only only Customer at 8:30PM.  Ordered a thin crust pizza with extra cheese, pepperoni and mushrooms.  It was pretty good.  Could of used more cheese.   I wasn't in the mood for the heavy crusted deep dish pizza. This is my first time at this location but have been to several of the other locations in the US.  It was just like the others.  The Caesar salad with anchovies was very good.  The service was very poor.  My waitress spent a lot of time chit-chatting with the hostess.  It was a chore to get water refills from her.  . . They have big screen televisions in the bar area which can be seen from the restaurant.
3 ||| I ate here at around 8:00 on a Saturday night.  Reading the other reviews, it makes me wonder if people were a the same restaurant I was.  Sure, it isn't a world class dining establishment, but it is decent considering it is a chain.  You should know that going into any chain, really.  It was basically exactly what I expected in terms of food quality and price.. . We were greeted immediately upon entering, and while the hostess went to grab menus, another server asked us if we were taken care of.  Service at our table was very attentive and water and other beverages were promptly refilled.  I ordered soup and two appetizers instead of an entree or pizza and the server made sure to ask me about the order in which I would prefer receiving my food.  . . My fiance ordered a deep dish pizza and we know they take longer to make than other food items.  It was quicker than we thought it would be and he really enjoyed it.  I had the potato skin appetizer.  It reminds me of a "baked potato pizza" that I used to enjoy at a local place back in Buffalo.  It was delicious, especially with the addition of a little bit of hot sauce.. . Overall, it doesn't even come close to visiting an Uno's in Chicago, but then again, when does a copy every live up to the original?  It won't be a regular location in our  dining rotation, but it is good to know that when we have a craving for deep dish, Uno will do the trick and cost a lot less than a trip to Chicago.
4 ||| My girlfriends made reservations here for my bachelorette party last Saturday. I highly suggest that you make reservations because we were able to just walk right in and sit down. There were people there waiting 30 minutes+. We had the sangria which was amazing. Our sever Alex recommend it and it was perfect for the 4 of us.  I had their thin crust pepperoni pizza which really hit the spot. My two friend had salads which they said were amazing and my other friend joined me in ordering a pesto chicken pizza. Let's just say there wasn't any food left on the table when we were finished.  I will be back for sure.
2 ||| Pizza ok on it's own nothing great . Definitely not worth the restaurant price.  definitely not like pizzeria UNO in Chicago. Are they even related   or are they just using their name and trademark.
2 ||| The menu is outstanding but the pizza and beer is too expensive. For 2 personal pizzas (the size of pizza hut) 2 beers and 2 salads, we paid over $50 bucks. The personal pizzas alone were $11 each... If you want pizza and beer go somewhere else-pasta appetizers, or sandwiches... this place is good.
3 ||| Well this visit started off good. I was seated right away, no wait. Was given a good beer selection of some PA Craft beers. Ordered the traditional deep dish pizza, but with no onions. Now after we ordered, it just went downhill from there. Was never asked if I wanted another beer, the waitress just gave me more water. My pizza still had onions in it. Which I stated right off the bat, that I didn't blame the girl who took my order. I know cooks can't read. I was one for many years. Mistakes happen, and the manger took care of it and took the item off my bill. NO complaints, still ate the food and it was good. Just not a fan of onions on my pizza. . . Now onto the bill, the server continues to tell me that she was sorry for the mistake and declares she told the cooks not to add onions. I already said it was taking care of and there's no worries. She goes on to say that the next day was her birthday, and if I felt like leaving all my money as a tip, it wouldn't go unnoticed. I took this as a joke as I had told her earlier I worked in the industry. When I hand over the gift card I had on hand, she comes back and again repeats herself, tells me that cash as a tip is preferred as she doesn't have to claim it at the end of the night. And again if I felt like leaving her all my money, she would just be so freaking happy. Let me explain one thing and hopefully I am very clear on it. No server, and I mean NO server anywhere, should ever ask a guest or customer for a tip, yet alone, do it twice! So out of kindness, which I shouldn't have left anything by this point. I left a nice tip for the cost of what food I did  have to pay for.. . Bottom line, the food was good for the price, but the service from this one person as I don't know how the rest of the servers are. Was just horrible.
3 ||| I think the location in homestead has ruined this place. Dirty dirty dirty.. . Bathrooms unkept, entry door handle and windows filthy. . Pizza had too much sauce on it and was drenched. Server was coarse, not refined. . Serving items were old and rusty. Temperature of food was not hot. . Low quality, but probably ok with pittsburgher s
4 ||| Unos has been around for ever, & I feel like this restaurant chain peak in popularity in the 80's. Honestly the decor inside still kind of looks 80s to me even though its nice with sleek booth and exposed brick.. . If you haven't died and he recently I ordered you to come back and have a meal here again because honestly the food is really quite good!. . They have the best chicken salad wrap ever! I love that rap so much I want agreed to walk the south side River Trail from where the Steelers practice all the way to the damn waterfront just because I knew that I could convince my boyfriend to go to Unos with me for lunch.  Full disclosure:  I made him call is a cab and we took a taxi back to the parking lot after lunch.. . Listen... The food and pizza and service are very good, surprisingly so! I don't know why this place is not busier but next time you're down at the Waterfront please do consider dining here!
4 ||| All in favor of a deep dish pizza say I!.......IIIIIII,  ok now that i have that out of my system. This place is such a great hangout/eat-in spot. I hadn't been here and years and some friends invited us out for the evening. I was so glad they were paying cause  I was low on funds at the time.. . We arrived on a friday night and of course it was busy there. We waited about 10 minutes to get a table which wasn't bad considering the crowd. We looked over the menu and they have so many great choices. Pizza, pasta, appetizers, seafood, burgers, salads and sandwiches. . . After ordering two mango lemonades that were wayyyyy over sweetened we ordered our food. We both are going gluten free which is tough but UNO's gave us a nice selection of dishes to choose from. Plus! They make a thin crust gluten free pizza which taste great. My hubby ordered the mediterrean thin crust because he loves kalamata olives and I ordered the Guac-alicious burger with a Caesar side salad. My salad came out pretty quick which was nice but it had a little too much dressing on it. I didn't complain, it still tasted great.. . I'm not into red meat so I tried to order a black bean burger or get chicken instead of beef, but the ran out of black bean and they couldn't get the chicken so i just ordered it anyway. The burger was piled really high with all the toppings including guacamole and it was very creamy but i couldn't get over the taste of the burger because it just didn't have any flavor. Very saddening. I ended up just eating the veggies and discarding the meat. I snacked on some of my hubbies pizza even though it was only a small amount. . . We came here twice in one week. The second time we ordered the 9-grain deep dish with mushrooms, parmesan and a garlic white sauce. Was this pizza amazing or what?? I will probably always eat this pizza whenever I come. . . Only down side is slow service. It took 20 minutes for our pizza to come out and my hubbies was a little over cooked. He got the numero uno which was ok but mine had way more flavor!!
4 ||| Wham! 4 stars outta the park! The deep-dish pizza we had was amazing. I wasn't crazy about the avocado egg rolls, but the chocolate chip sundae was superb. Great service too from Maranda, a doll. Decor is cute. Ambience is lively. Recommended.
3 ||| Pizza is a staple for me. I love everything about crunch crust, a nice rich tomato sauce, and a thick layer of melted cheese. I have never tried Chicago style pizza before and when we had to rescue our friends from car troubles, Uno's was right there so we decided to try it out. . . Only a 30 minute wait for a Saturday is pretty good for any restaurant in the Waterfront. We were seated at a booth in the bar area. The tables were clean and it was a big booth so the four of us were not squished. Only complaint, the bar was loud and when they did blended drinks you had to pause your conversation because the blenders were so loud. Good news, only happened twice!. . The four of us decided to order two pizzas, the Pepperoni and the Farmers Market. I also ordered a Caesar salad because I needed more vegetables in my life.  . . The salad. It was a big salad that I shared with my boyfriend. The croutons were huge and very crunchy. The Caesar dressing was not creamy, it was vinegar based and had a little bit of a "bite" to it as Chris kept on saying. I thought the bite had more to do with the vinegar than anything spicy, but who am I to say.  The lettuce was fresh and crunchy and they even added tomatoes like I requested. . . The main dishes came out about 10 minutes later. I do not know what I was expecting but the pizzas were not as large as I was imagining. Two of the larger pizzas looked like personal pizzas to me. But!!!! I was soon to see that even if they are a bit smaller they were filled to perfection. . . The Farmers Market pizza had caramelized onions, spinach, SUN DRIED AMAZING TOMATOES, regular tomatoes, eggplant, pesto as a sauce, and a blend of cheeses. The crust was perfection being so crisp and light that I stole Chris' extra from his plate. The sun dried tomatoes were great adding just enough sweetness to the pizza that I went looking for the slices with the most on them. It was a really really good pizza. We even ended up taking slices home with us! My eyes deceived me at first with the size! . . Then our friends told us that we had to try the cookie pizza. Cookie pizza? What sorcery is this? Matt, the one who suggested it said that we would not be disappointed. This cookie came out in a really large, bigger than our pizzas, dish. It had three scoops of icecream on it with a pile of whipped cream. WARM, right out of the oven, fresh cookie pizza. Oh sweet heavens, it was good. I am glad that I had enough room in my stomach to pile in that sweet goodness. . . Chicago Pizza, I would absolutly try again.
4 ||| I had the deep dish pizza and it was very good!  The individual size was smaller Than I expected for $12 but I wasn't starving so it was very filling.  Our waitress April was very nice and attentive for how busy it was.  We had about a 30 minute wait but it was worth it!  I can't wait to try it again!
4 ||| My friend and I have never eaten here before so last night we decided to check it out. For a Thursday it wasn't that crowded and we were seated promptly. There were plenty of flat screens and warm lighting that made the place cozy. We ordered a thin crust pizza: on one side there was chicken, hamburger and pepperoni (for him) while the other side had just pepperoni (for me). I was expecting the pizza to be bland and warm but it was surprisingly hot and savory. I even tried a slice of my friend's pizza and the hamburger and chicken were moist, not dried out. This wasn't bad for a first visit so I will definitely be back in the future to try more menu items. I'm only giving Uno 4 stars because the waitress brought us a plate that still had old food stuck to it. Hello! The plate was yellow! How could she not have seen that?!
1 ||| Well, it started well. Food was okay. Deep dish pizza was good. But the salad we had - too tiny portion!!!. We were greeted and seated well. But later the service was not all good. Bad bad service. First of all we had to ask for everything we wanted. The server didn't even had courtesy to ask if we wanted anything more or would like to go for deserts. She just handed over the check when we even didn't ask for it (we wanted to order more).. Later when we talked about this in the front, the girl there also just listened and said "okay", not even a sorry once!!!. I would not like to go there again... :(
5 ||| While visiting relatives in Somerset we decided to go shopping in the nearby town of Homestead.  My aunt insisted that we have lunch at Uno's Pizzeria & Grill as the food was delicious.  When we arrived I had to admit that I was impressed with the decor and atmosphere of the place.  It was fairly crowded for a weekday but we were seated in less than ten minutes.  The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu answering all our questions with ease.  I settled on a Turkey, Bacon and Avocado sandwich and old fashioned tomato soup after looking over the menu several times.  They have a variety of dishes guaranteed to please all ages.  The food arrived in no time and was DELICIOUS!  The portions were just right for lunch, I was definitely ready for an afternoon of shopping.  The four of us had items off the Two for U lunch menu, our bill was less than $30 which meant that I might could afford the shoes I wanted to buy!  My aunt was right, you cannot visit Homestead without stopping to eat at Uno Pizzeria & Grill, it is FANTASTIC!!
2 ||| Was very disappointed with the food. It was overcooked and not seasoned very well
2 ||| Nice place but some of the items on the menu are not available unless you get a 2 for 12 but that's not what the online menu states. And it's a salad come on..
3 ||| Last week was my first visit to this place. The raspberry tea was amazing. We got the app sampler,  it was very good except for the homemade guacamole. I ordered a side salad, hardly any dressing on it, and not very fresh. I ordered the stuffed chicken with broccoli & grilled vegetables.  Waited along time for the entrée.  The chicken was good but a small portion.  The broccoli & veggies were water logged. Lots of water on the plate. Tried my friends fried shrimp, it was good with good flavor. Might have just been who was in the kitchen that night so I would give it another shot.
3 ||| Love the stores selection but HATE how the girls chase you around to tell you their sales. If I wanted to know I'd ask !!!
1 ||| Interesting the reviews here are less than stellar already. I would normally not review a chain retail store, but the service I received today just really got my blood boiling.. . I will state, as I always do in these types of situations, that I have worked many years in retail. I know what you're supposed to do. I know the ways I've displayed exemplary service and I know the ways I've slacked off. I get it, I really do.. . So I'm in the store early. Hardly any people in there. Weird for the Semi-Annual Sale time of year. Usually it doesn't matter what time you're there during the sale, it's always busy. . . I went through my usual bins and picked up a mess of undies and bras. Since no one was at the check out counter and I needed a spot to go through things, I set them down and started to try and chat with the sales chick. I actually always like to do this, just to shoot the breeze, but also to get their opinions on items I'm buying. . . The girl behind the counter was having non of this though.I asked her about a bra and she said she didn't know about that one, but said it should work. I understand, you can't try them all. But the thing that really irked me was that she was definitely not hiding her annoyance at me setting down my things on the counter. I even looked back to make sure there were no people checking out behind me. Ghost town. Tumbleweed rolled by. No one.. . So I'm going through my stuff and separating what I want and don't want and she's sighing and grabbing things saying "Soooo, you DON'T want these???" Um, I'm not asking you to help me sort things. I'm not holding up a line. I'm just trying to not spend $$$ on an accidental XS pair of undies that got mixed in! . . After that, it's not exactly what she said, but how she acted. I have never felt more uncomfortable in a retail store before. I ended up grabbing my discards and putting them back myself (which I really don't mind doing, but after she huffed and puffed, I didn't even want to deal with her). . . The thing is, I was nice the entire time. I don't expect you to sit there and be sugary sweet either. Just do what you were hired to do. Be nice and sell some bras. If you come to work in a bad mood, the real world is not going to give you a hug. Suck it up and do your job or work where you don't have to talk to anyone else ever.
4 ||| When I lived in Los Angeles a year and a half ago, P F Chang's was no great shakes, one of millions of places with good but not outstanding stuff on the menu.. . Here in Pittsburgh, it's the only Chinese place I've found that combines genuinely good service with quality food.  Not, perhaps, as good as what you can get in LA's top places, but fantastic compared to its competition here.. . The Kung Pao chicken is particularly good, with delicious fried chicken cubes and the usual hot sauce and chiles.  Chicken with lettuce wraps is good too.. . Their fried noodle dish with chicken, whose name I have forgotten, is addictive but has an odd sauce I don't quite like.  Still, they get the friedness of the noodles right, and there are precious few ... ahem ... no other restaurants around here that do.. . Portions are small, so either plan to get an appetizer and an entree or expect to leave almost as hungry as you came.  The minced chicken in lettuce wraps appetizer is outstanding and you get about the same amount of food as in one of their entrees.. . If you live in LA, forget P F Chang's.  If you live in NYC, I'm sure there are a dozen better places on a single block.  But here in Pittsburgh, it's just about the best place around.
5 ||| Any place that accommodates with a special dietary menu for a little known disease gets five stars from me.  P.F. Chang's has a dedicated Gluten-Free Menu for those of us who suffer from celiac disease.  They also make sure to clean down the area they prepare the specialty dinner so as to avoid cross-contamination.  I don't know many other restaurants that go this far.. . Aside from the menu preference, I enjoy my overall experience every time.  Their menu is a bit different than that of what most people will be used to if you regularly eat a Chinese Take-Out or Buffet joints.  Don't expect this to be at all like that.  It's not a Buffet.  They don't sell "General Tso's" (though Chang's Spicy Chicken is recommended for those looking for something similar, it's my personal favorite) or other signature foods that you may expect.  They do sell very similar items with different names and a few of their own adjustments, just make sure to read the menu description and ask questions if you are not sure.  They also sell Sake, I believe they have a few different types.  . . The prices can get a bit more expensive than your average Chinese Restaurant depending on what you get but it's well worth it.  Portions are excellent and the taste is great.  I've yet to have one complaint and I have frequented this establishment several times over the span of a few years.. . The only downside, it can be a little crowded and a bit loud.  It's also very dark because of their lighting.  However, I think it sets the atmosphere.  It can be a romantic place or a casual place, I've been there for both.
3 ||| Wasn't terrible,. But certainly wasn't great.. Save your hard-earned cash.
2 ||| REDO!. . I went to PF Chang's several years ago and was NOT pleased with the food that was presented to me.  . . My issue: I thought I was getting Chinese food.  . . My resolution: Try this restaurant again knowing that it is just reinvented American food with names of those Chinese dishes I actually like to eat.. . So we returned to PF Chang's for lunch to try this American food in this caricature of a Chinese restaurant.  There were very few people in the restaurant.  The two of us were seated in the largest corner booth and left to review our menus.  When our waitress finally arrived we ordered the following items:. . Coca Cola. Iced Tea. Pan fried pork dumplings. Sesame chicken lunch with white rice and egg drop soup. Changs chicken with white rice. . Our drinks and my soup came out immediately.  Unfortunately I was brought the wrong soup and the server had disappeared before I had a chance to say anything.  I could see her across the barren wasteland that was the dining room and we even made eye contact several times, but at no point could I get her to come back to my table.  I tried the soup and was disgusted with it and placed it at the end of the table.  I didn't know what it was and didn't want to know.  Almost ten minutes later she arrived quite happy with the job she was doing and asked how the food was.  I asked if she could bring out some egg drop soup. I didn't expect to get the stink-eye.. . My egg drop soup was brought out with the dumplings as well as the caddy of different sauces and oils.  The server really wasn't that into the experience, but again gave me the stink-eye when I told her that mixing the sauces was unnecessary since I knew what each of them was and would be able to mix them myself.  I mixed the rice vinegar, chili oil, chili paste, and soy sauce (my guess is that it was supposed to be tamari) to create a dipping sauce for our dumplings. I took a bite of the soup and it was somewhat better than the other soup, but it was still brown.  I ate half the bowl and left the rest for the server.  It was thick and gooey and the flavor didn't wow.  I saw no reason to continue.  I moved on to the dumplings, which had an okay flavor to them.  The skins were a bit thick and doughy.  The meat on the inside did not balance this attribute at all.  The sauce tasted a little odd so I tried to remix and it was still off.  I tried the components individually and found that some of them were either old, stale, or rancid.  We finished our dumplings.. . Our lunch entrees arrived.  I had ordered mine extra-spicy, but I guess it came Pittsburgh Hot (super mild) and had a lackluster flavor at best.  The meat was tough and the sauce tasted of soy sauce more than anything else.  I tried some of Chang's chicken and was equally mollified.  This was supposed to be their version of General Tso's Chicken.  Now I have never had a General's chicken that was the same at any place.  It is always different.  Many of them are good in different ways.  This food, though, it wasn't good.  Chang's chicken fell into the same category as the Sesame Chicken -- since it tasted mainly of soy sauce -- with the addition sugar.  . . I just don't understand how anyone can like this place.  Even the Yoshida Sauce you get at Sam's/Costco tastes better.
1 ||| Honestly, I'm furious. I enjoyed PF Chang's restaurants in the Chicago area, and my wife and I have eaten a few times at this Pittsburgh-area location. Over the last year, we have tried repeatedly, but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable. We tried going early, late -- it never made any difference. The front staff was rude, and the wait was too long.. . Tonight, we had a special date planned, and made reservations a week in advance. We came in the door exactly on time, waited in the line to see the front staff, and we were promptly handed a pager. They couldn't tell us when we would be seated.. . I imagined a short wait, so we went outside, crossed into a store to wait (since the entrance of this location is so packed, it's impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating).. . After 20 minutes we gave up. We went back to PF Chang's and the front office staff still couldn't tell us when we would be seated. I saw open tables.. . What on earth is the point of accepting reservations if you do not honor them?. . The food here is good, but certainly not great. We went to a local Thai place and were seated with no problem in 5 minutes. The food was much better, the service was good even in a crowded busy restaurant. Oh, and the local place was a much more reasonable price.. . We certainly will never visit PF Chang's again.
2 ||| Stars are for the food only.    2.5 rating. . Got there at 8pm on Saturday night, they told us it was an hour wait which was expected, but it only took 30minutes to be seated so that was a bonus.  Started off with the lettuce wraps and i used to be a fan of these but they just seem to bore me now(FYI-love the lettuce wraps at the cheesecake factory).  I had the Singapore rice noodles.  This was so so as i thought immediately that lu lu noodles and asian cafe are better.  The fried rice was disappointing and the vegetables tasted raw.   Some good notes were the Dynamite shrimp, plump, juicy, tangy with a small kick.    Sweet and sour chicken was just the same minus the kick. . . The service was annoying.   We were there less than 45 minutes and it seemed like our waiter was in a rush to get us out of there.   Constantly asking if he could remove my plate.  I had to sternly say at one point that I will let you know when i am finished.  I found it rude especially since  there wasn't even a line at this point.  . . I think we will travel elsewhere following a movie.  The result never quite met the anticipation.
4 ||| I like PF Changs.. . I think I've only been here a total of three times (twice it was take out), and I only get vegetarian dishes, but what I've had has been pretty tasty.. . I would definitely eat here again.
4 ||| I am writing this from the standpoint of someone who can't eat real Chinese food because of gluten issues. That said, I am loving me some gluten-free Chinese food here! If the gf issue didn't exist, though, why bother when you can get real, honest, non-chain GREAT Chinese so many wonderful places in the Burgh?!  But average Chinese is better than NO Chinese if gluten is an issue so thank you Mr. Chang!
4 ||| Pretty Good Stuff!. . PROS:. Nice bar area. Cool ambiance. nice dishes with good flavors. . CONS:. Pricey for "just chinese food". typically a rather long wait, especially on weekends.. Very difficult to even get noticed by the bartenders once its busy at the bar area.. . Suggestions:. Lettuce Wraps (just get this as you meal!  LOL). Fat Cat Martini (OMG, YUMMMMM!). Pot Stickers
4 ||| Our go to place at the waterfront. . . We usually order the crispy green beans as an app., they are always fried just right and never really greasy. As an entree I always get coconut curry tofu, the veggies are bright and crisp (no open pea pods or limp broccoli!) And the tofu is simply delightful. . . Always consistent. Never disappointing
3 ||| Went there for lunch and had a decent meal.  While the Mongolian Beef was beyond excellent, the Moo Goo Gai Pan was average (although I did enjoy the shrimp in it).  Service was fine and decor is pleasant.  For some reason I'm just not in the mood to write a detailed review - please accept my apologies.
4 ||| My vegan friend, Deb, turned me onto the fact that one can dine at PF Chang's and stay on a vegan diet.. . Vegan friend Deb (VFD) asked the waitress if they could prepare a version of the famous chicken and lettuce wraps. The waitress without hesitation proclaimed they always had a vegan version, but it was never put on the menu.. Warning: even though it's vegan, it still contains the same amount of salt that was reported on all the news channels when the salt, fat, and cholesterol police made the sodium content available to the public. The vegan version is just as delicious and the chicken.. . They also have vegan dishes like string beans and garlic, eggplant and garlic, and a few dishes with tofu and vegetables.. . I always loved the fact PF Chang's offered brown rice. That nutty flavor goes so well with their meals.. . The service staff at Chang's is always top shelf, I've never had a bad time here and love when we go.
3 ||| I've had PF Changs both in Pgh and KC and honestly, I'm never been disappointed nor elated with the food. It's 'upscale' Ameri-Chinese food. You don't come here seeking 'authentic' Asian staples; it's all changed to some degree to suit American taste buds... nothing wrong with that, imo. Do I even know what 'authentic' Chinese food is? Yes, sortuv, somewhat. Will I stop putting quotes around 'everything'? Definitely not!. . It was 45 min from closing time when we (party of 6) rushed in on a weeknight; got seated, ordered and ate without feeling rushed by the staff.. . This particular PF Changs, on the Homestead Waterfront, had fast and friendly service, though he forgot our order of asparagus. We sampled everything from the the Szechuan shrimp to the Mongolian beef to the Dan Dan Noodles. Good flavors, nothing that stepped out in the crowd.. . I don't come here all that often but when I do, I invariably leave feeling satisfied and full.
4 ||| So I have never been to P.F. Chang's before since I'm Chinese and I'm not a huge fan of eating at Chinese/American restaurants when I can eat delicious authentic Chinese food at home (courtesy of my momma). My boyfriend and I were at Dave & Busters and weren't in the mood for American food, which was what we were all surrounded by so I decided to give P.F. Chang's a try. . . We came on a Saturday night without reservations, so we had to wait 45min :( Luckily time went by fast while I was on my phone looking at the Yelp reviews for this place. When we were seated, we ordered immediately and our server was very friendly. We got the salt and pepper calamari as an appetizer and then the Dan Dan noodles and Shanghai shrimp with garlic sauce. The food came out quick which was a huge plus considering how busy they were. The calamari was okay. I felt like the strips were cut too thin and we should have received more. The Dan Dan noodles were actually very delicious and flavorful. I really enjoyed them and definitely recommend them. The shrimp was cooked well and was also good. Overall I was happy with my first time experience here and would consider coming back if I'm ever in the mood for Chinese/American food.
3 ||| LOVE the food!!!!!! Try the bomb pop martini. The service has definitely Gone down hill in the past year. And when I've  told the manger he just doesn't give a shit.  It's either hit Or miss with service. But food is ALWAYS GOOD
2 ||| The service was lackluster. Coffee was warm but delicious. Limited to one cup, apparently, as the waitress never offered a second.. . Daughter had sweet and sour shrimp. Wife had spicy chicken. I had wonton soup. Dumplings as an appetizer for the table. All arrived warm. The brown rice was dry as sand and the white rice was delayed by rice cooker problems. Also dry as sand. I guess that is how they serve it.. . The base flavors for the shrimp and chicken were nearly identical. I had expected them to be more diverse. . . In all, expectations were not met for what is advertised as upscale. I'd rather have the local Chinese cuisine which more flavorful, and much less expensive.
3 ||| First time eating at PF Chang- thought the food was fine but I'd rather go to an authentic Chinese restaurant any day. It felt like a Chinese version of the Cheesecake factory.  . . Anyway, it was a Saturday, late afternoon, and despite lots of empty tables we had to wait 20 minutes to be seated and after that waited 30 min  for our food.  I don't know if they were just short staffed the day we went but I wasn't impressed with the service.. . Some nice items on the menu include the lettuce wraps and the salt and pepper calamari, which comes with a separate dish of salt and pepper for dipping. The sesame chicken was also very good.  Other things were fine, just not memorable.  . . I think this is an OK place to eat if you happen to be shopping at the Waterfront and don't mind spending a little time over lunch or dinner. If you want to get in and out in a hurry, don't come here.
3 ||| I was unimpressed with my food and I am even more sad to see, now that P.F Chang's mass produces frozen dinners. . This is about as far away from Chinese food you can get, unless of course you are eating microwaved warmed shrimp fried rice. The restaurant is cluttered and the music was up so loud.  I had to yell to carry on a conversation. P.F Chang's in the Waterfront is a unmemorable experience. Maybe I would have better luck microwaving my own meal at home?
2 ||| I really enjoyed my Mongolian beef and pork pot stickers, but . There was NO presentation of pfc mixing sauces. . One of the things that sets pfc apart from the run of the mill Non franchise is PRESENTATION and experience.  I was extremely disappointed by the LACK of presentation. . . Reservations:. Our party arrived about 15 minutes before our 5:30 reservations.. . At 6:11 we were informed our reserved table had been given to another party . Obviously someone dropped the ball here...... . When we requested silverware for the table. Our waitress blamed it on the hostess. Yes, theHostess should have provided silverware.. However It was unprofessional of our waitress to pass buck. As a Patron I could care less who's fault it is; just $@&&@in fix it. Defiantly took away from my pfc experience.. . My Hot and sour soup is usally served with"noodley" things that I drop in the soup. We weren't given any "noodley " things . Not trying to be a jerk but all things being equal the pfc isn't selling food as much as they are selling an experience. This experience is what sets this restaurant apart.
3 ||| I have mixed feelings about this place. I wish I could give 2.5 stars, but I'm in a good mood so I'm rounding up today. . . This was my first time here and I honestly wasn't sure what to expect. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the layout of the dining area. It seemed less intimate than I had pictured in my mind. The tables were all jammed together and the restaurant had a crowded feel to it. Fortunately, there wasn't a long wait as we had made a reservation. . . We were seated at a table in the middle of the dining room alongside a busy throughway. It seemed all the servers were destined to walk past our table. I appreciated that their menu pointed out that their meals were "meant to be shared." My wife and I decided to share our two meals: Chang's Spicy Chicken and Double Pan Fried Noodles. Before our meal came out our waitress set some sauces on the table in a "here's your sauce" kind of way. I remember thinking, "That's very nice, but I have no idea why you just gave us sauce." There was no explanation - just a little tray of sauces. Our food came out and she finally asked if we like mild, medium, or hot sauce. We picked medium and, with a few scoops, she turned our three sauces into three mixed sauces and I still didn't know what they were for. . . Forget the sauce though, my attention was now drawn to our meal. For meals that were "meant to be shared" these sure are little portions. I guess when you go for that high-end presentation you can charge 50% more for 50% less. The food itself was good (in an ok sort of way). I can't say it was the best I've had, but it was good enough. . . Overall I thought the experience was lacking. P.F. Chang's tries to be classy, but does it in a cafeteria sort of way. I was constantly distracted by the front doors opening and icy air pouring across the room. The music didn't fit the ambiance. Our table felt like it was in the middle of the road. The restaurant was loud and crowded. The girls at the table next to us were taking those annoying duck-face puckered lip pictures...  . . I think our experience may have been different if we were seated at one of the booths along the side of the restaurant, but no such luck.
3 ||| Surprised how empty the restaurant was tonight.   First time at this location.  Great service, but wasn't hard to do...... . Had a combination Orange Shrimp and Chicken and Chicken Fried Rice.  It was typical PF Changs (Very good).  You can get the Fried Rice off the kids menu for $2.95 versus $8 for a big bowl off the regular menu.
2 ||| Let me start by saying that I do like their food. . . Last night I went with my wife and two guests. The apps came out fast and were fantastic. Dinner on the other hand, didn't come out quickly at all. The rice was undercooked, and we told our server. He set the rice on the empty table next to us and forgot to bring a new order. By the time I was almost finished with my meal, another server came over and they brought back another bowl of crunchy white rice.. (is that the way rice is prepared now?). . I ordered the chocolate cake. I asked for a container to take half home. The server brought out a small container and when I asked for a larger one, she said we can just squeeze it in there, and started to flatten the cake. She then realized that a larger one would be better.. . 4 people, not crowded...2 hours total.
2 ||| Our last few visits have left something to desire, One of the things I always notice is the demeanor of an establishments employees. These people look miserable, no one smiles or greets you appropriately, it's more like get in, get out, turn the tables,. . The food has remained consistently good... when we can order it. the last time JB and I came for a quick dinner, the place was not busy yet we were passed by 6 frowning waitstaff without getting drinks... for 15 minutes we were left suiting at our table with our menus closed and sitting on the edge of the table (HINT, HINT) so we left and most likely will not be returning.
2 ||| If you look at other reviews you will see that I am a very positive person, but tonight was an utter disaster!!  We sat at the bar and the female bartender  was miserable. We ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did.  She spent 20 minutes sending text messages and took 3 smoke brakes in one hour while our drinks were empty. We ordered appetizers and they never came out.  She actually brought us our check and we never got our food. By the way we were the only people at the bar.  Finally a bus boy brought us our food after we payed. We payed before our food came because we thought our table was ready. We finally got seated by the windows. Do not sit by the windows because it was very cold. We ordered our dinner and drinks and guess what no drinks. After our food came we asked about our drinks and the waiter said he forgot. Nothing was comped and no manager was available. This PF Changs needs new management!! We will never return. I will give it 2 stars because the food was great, but the employees are absolutely miserably from hostess to waiters to bartenders. Steer clear until changes are made. It's not worth the headache.
4 ||| A big thank you to Chad Cynamom, manager at PF Chang's for making our anniversary night so special.  He seated us, brought us drinks and told us about the menu.  Every time my fiance and I go to this PF Chang's, we get the best service.  Food isn't the most authentic chinese food we've ever had, hence the 4 stars.  It is a bit overpriced as well, but the service makes up for it.
3 ||| Came out here with my parents to have dinner.  I have to say that our meal was all around worth a 4 star rating, but the lousy attitude of the hostess and the man behind the desk who seemed to be in charge quickly lowered that rating.  . . Our food was pretty good.  The lettuce wraps are usually my favorite part, and this time it was no different.  My mom's fried fish peices and veggies was also delicious.  However, my $19 Mahi Mahi was pretty much like eating air... there was seriously no taste at all, and it was tiny!  I found myself adding all the extra sauces on the table just to try to give it some dang flavoring.. . If I was you, I would order lettuce wraps for an app and lettuce wraps for your meal.  If you have room, lettuce wraps for dessert, too.  Oh yeah, and to drink, lettuce wraps.
1 ||| Rude unwelcoming short haired black hostess. Drinks were not good. Greasy spring  rolls . . Below par on every way.  No experience needed to work here
1 ||| Walked in tonight, Wednesday, at 9:50, the place was empty. Asked for a table, the hostess told us one moment when she finds one for us, then proceeded to walk to a dirty table and clean it!  The phone rang and she answered it as we stood at the door. When she hung up the phone she walked back to the table and proceeded to clean it again!!  Didn't say a word to us. Unbelievable!  Will not be back there-- rude hostess!
4 ||| The service started out slow, but they eventually picked up the pace. We ordered the chicken/lettuce wrap appetizer, and we enjoyed it. For the entres, we had the fried rice and mongolian beef, both of which were delightful. I would not mind going back to explore their menu.
5 ||| We recently went here for a group dinner with friends.  I am unable to eat gluten and my server (Denice) was knowledgable and brought me special sauces as not to irritate my allergies.  She was amazingly accommodating and when my meal was too spicy (which was totally my fault) she got me something else.  I had the GF beef with broccoli and it was amazing.  She was personable and friendly and went beyond expectations to make sure our table enjoyed themselves.  We were there for a while and were all on separate checks.  I've been to eateries before where that was treated with great disdain.  Never once did I feel unwelcome.  I will go out of my way to eat here again.
5 ||| Great food, great atmosphere, little on the loud side but they have turned down the music since the last time we were here so it's much better, good service.
4 ||| Good quality pork fried dumpling and mongo beef.  Bar service was fast and Efficent.   Good value.  Not a 5 cause dragon eye tea was cold first time around and beef had minor amount of fat.   Fortune was even Postive!
4 ||| I usually have fair experiences with this PF Changs. I've been inside the restaurant, and have used the curbside to go service. I finally decided to review this based on my most recent experience.. . I can't remember her name, but whomever worked curbside to go on Oct 30, 2013 around 6:30PM deserves a mention. She was very nice, and provided us with the exact amount of condiments we listed on the online order form. They're usually stingy with the chili and hot mustard sauces! She also gave us a couple other sauces to try (not sure which ones), but these were very good. . . The food here is always in point. I like to get the edamame, sesame chicken with brown rice, and the flour less chocolate dome! . . I'm reducing a star because of past experiences with service.
3 ||| I've heard it's very much a chain and that it's not at all authentic Chinese food, however despite all that I have to admit the food was good and the service was excellent.  There is quite a disconnect with the loud Rock music played in the dining room and the serene Chinese decor, but I figure it works for somebody!  I ordered the Ginger Chicken with Broccoli and the meal was quite tasty.  The prices are quite reasonable.  Just as long as you are not looking for authentic Chinese dishes, this restaurant will definitely serve in a pinch.
4 ||| Really awesome food and amazing customer service. I really enjoyed my experience here if I am back in the area I will be certain to come back to this location.
2 ||| I seriously don't know why people love this place so much, the food here is horrible. The rice is never cooked properly.. And it's not even Asian food. It's fake asian food. I never come here anymore.
4 ||| First, this is a big chain - not my favorite type of eatery.  For me, four stars is max for this type of establishment for the simple reason that no one has license to create anything truly unique.... . However!  The Chilean Sea Bass Marinated in Oolong Tea is freakin' fantastic!  10+. . Now - everyone was happy with their meals and let me tell you it was a ridiculously busy night, servers were threading their way through patrons waiting to be seated and our service was very good.. . I've been to PFC Vegas and PFC NYC - our Homestead PFC definitely beats them both.  So many great little places to try in the 'Burgh, but I wouldn't resist going back to this particular PFC.
4 ||| Once you go Pei Wei, you never go.... PF Chang's (if you can help it). . . Pei Wei is Chang's super convenient and cost friendly fast casual eatery that started infiltrating the Detroit market in 2007. Subsequently, that was the last time I stepped into a PF Changs until I recently moved back to Pittsburgh. Going from a Pei Wei to a PF Chang's is like watching paint dry or sitting in rush hour traffic or attending a WNBA game; it's so methodical and time consuming.. . On our last visit to this location we were accidentally sat in a section in which the server had been cut from his/her shift. By the time we flagged down a server and everything was sorted out, we could have been halfway through our meals at Pei Wei.  Add in the wait time for a table, the sauces shtick, and presentation of the check and my head's about to explode. Chang's is more paced for retires and people on dates, not my lifestyle. I get it, it's a me problem.. . With that said, the staff is very nice and helpful at this location (star). . I can get a beer or alcoholic beverage while I wait (something that's not an option at Pei Wei) (star).. Plymouth Gin is stocked behind the bar - that's a chain first! (star).. I found a dish I love not available at Pei Wei - Salt and Pepper Prawns (star). . . So until I get sick of the Prawns or a Pei Wei opens in the Pittsburgh market, I'll continue to go to this location.
4 ||| We had another opportunity to eat here today and the experience was much improved. There was no crowd to fight and we weren't seated near the door as we were last time. As I expected, getting a table near the edge of the restaurant provides for a much nicer dining experience. Our service was good and they accommodated our 1 year old nicely. I appreciate that they serve steamed veggies on the kids menu. . . I still left with the impression that the serving sizes were small in comparison to most other places, but we were satisfied and happy.
1 ||| We went last night Saturday night to P.F.Chang located at the Kierlands in Scottsdale. Terrible Experience!!! after waiting over one hour to be seated, we ordered calamari for appetizer which came with a horrible strange salty sauce and salt and pepper mix on the side. then I ordered beef and broccoli and my husband ordered a vegetarian dish with peanut sauce . After a long wait my food came so salty that I could not even eat and as much as I hate to complain but I had to let the waiter know, so he went to get me one with less salt. My husband's dish was OK. then the second one was a bit less salty but the meat had a terrible liver kind of taste which totally turned my stomach. I feel the reason they added so much salt was to hide the bad tasting rotted meat. Very bad experience. Our waiter was kind and sympathetic. ruined my evening out :(
1 ||| Let me start off by saying I have mostly simple tastes, and my favorite lunch spot for Chinese has been the New Dumpling House in Squirrel Hill. But since that restaurant is undergoing renovations, I was forced to try something new.. . So... I thought I'd try the chain PF Chang's Chinese Restaurant at the Waterfront. Wow, what an unsatisfying mistake that turned out to be.. . I started with a cup of their Wonton soup. At $2.95 it wasn't too outrageous of a price, the broth had some flavor and there was much more in it than I was used to, including three giant basil (I think?) leafs that covered everything beneath. In the broth were chunks of chicken, two shrimp, some sliced water chestnuts and two "pork"-filled wontons. As I said, the broth had decent flavor, but the wontons were thick, doughy and under-cooked, and the chicken chunks were dry, which is amazing since they were drowned in broth! On a scale of bad to good, it was kind of meh.. . Next came my "lunch-portion" order of Chang's Kung Pao Chicken (the dinner portion is $5 more). . . At the New Dumpling House, this dish is served with a delectable dark, rich, tangy sauce, which I was really hoping for... Not at PF Chang's. . . On my plate I received about 8 quarter-size chunks of lightly breaded and browned chicken, 7 hot Chinese red chili peppers (mostly inedible unless they are diced into a sauce), a handful of blanched, unsalted peanuts, a few sliced scallions, and a bed of the most bland brown rice I have ever encountered. Uncle Ben would've been ashamed if that stuff came out of one of his boxes.. . Glaringly, there was NO SAUCE!. None at all.. . I've had Kung Pao Chicken in New York City, San Francisco, and even from a hole in the wall in Bethel Park, PA that was much, much better. Never have I had it served in such a bland, skimpy, and overpriced way! The "lunch-portion" cost was $9.95.. . At The New Dumpling House, I could have a delicious lunch, with soup, entree and complimentary hot tea, and I could leave satisfied with just $8 out-of-pocket -- and that includes the tip.. . The service was decent. However, lesson learned. One and done. Never going back to PF Changs.
3 ||| I'm not really into chain restaurants but my mom's in town so.... You know. . . The mains are basically a half notch classier than a Chinese take out but I'm just not impressed. $15 for a small portion of orange chicken that is about as good as a cheap takeout seems silly. . . Where I think the restaurant really underwhelms is the soups and salads, I know it isn't the focus of the restaurant but the lunch sides that precede the lunch entrees are just bad. The salad lacks any creativity and the soup was just a bowl of salty beef water.
3 ||| Still good food but I find that more times than not when we go we have to ask for clean dishes or silverware. I have found this whether we are at the Waterfront location or the Robinson location. Maybe they need a new contract with a new appliance company.
4 ||| This is the fourth Changs I've eat ate. It was pretty good. The food was kinda like it had been previously frozen. Had a strange texture. Some of the changs chicken pieces was stuck together and the breading on the sweet and sour chicken was mushy and falling off the chicken. Overall still pretty good. Would eat at this one again.
3 ||| My wife and I came here a few years ago and you couldn't get in the door because of the line. This was the hottest new place on the restaurant scene and everyone wanted to try it. Fast forward to present day and you'd never believe that was ever the case. Chang's is poorly set up as one large open room that's rather noisy. Food came out quickly but was not as good as the Chinese take out we get from sesame inn. Spicy chicken was neither spicy nor very flavorful and had a mass-produced feel to it. Took half home to eat the next day but ended up throwing it out a few days later. Normally one of the great thing about getting Chinese is looking forward to the leftovers the next day!   Another minus was noticing how dirty the floor was on the way back to the bathroom. I don't expect a place to be immaculate in the middle of dinner service but this looked like the mcdonalds on Smithfield downtown.. The one bright spot was our waitress was very good and kept our water glasses filled. We just came from kennywood so we went through quite a few fill ups during our time there. Short of this, I'd probably give Changs two stars. Probably last time I'll stop in here unless I can't get in to any restaurants in the area and need a place I know won't be too busy.
5 ||| Our family loves this restaurant.  My children and I suffer from food allergies.   I have Celiac's Disease and their gluten free selection for a Chinese restaurant is great.  My children are a completely different ball game.  They have a rare disease called Eosinophilic Esophagitus where food attacks their body.  They are very limited on their food selctions due to not being able to consume any food with gluten, soy, eggs, dairy, nuts, tree nuts, fish, shellfish, amd corn.  This restaurant takes special care of my kids by making sure they get chicken that has not gone through the egg wash.  The servers and managers are all trained in how to be careful.  Our favorite manager is Joe and favorite server is Kevin.  Call ahead if you have any questions and they will answer your questions.
4 ||| Excellent beef with pepper and onions. Waiter made a good wine choice. Fastest food delivery, less than 5 minutes, honest. Both meals less than $30, in and out in 45 minutes.
5 ||| Gordons in the Waterfront is exactly what I needed for new shoes after I was allowed to walk again after a fracture in my foot.  The man who waited on me was kind, patient, and even let me know about a sale going on.  The selection and quality of shoes is wonderful.  You won't get cheap shoes here but you will get the best. Worth every cent.
5 ||| Extremely helpful staff that knows exactly what shoes are comfortable yet stylish. The shoes I bought were high quality and durable. I was extremely impressed by the staff.
5 ||| This is by far my favorite Panera location in the Pittsburgh area. Friendly, plenty of room to sit, and good quality food & coffee. Panera is a great place to hang out and read the news - they even have free WiFi! Try their toasted sandwiches, especially the chicken bacon dijon.
3 ||| Had lunch here after getting my nails done in the Waterfront.  It's your standard Panera - lots of seating and a sunny room from all the windows.  Our food was made very quickly, even though the place was pretty busy (lunch on a Saturday).  Chicken noodle soup is tasty, but there was too much broth and not enough noodles and chicken.  I tried their Sierra Chicken sandwich for the first time, and it was pretty good.  It's very flavorful, I like whatever they put in their chipotle mayo.  It was a salty meal though - definitely had me running to the fountain machine to get more water.. . If I have to get a quick, light meal and only chain options are available, Panera is my best choice.  It's definitely predictable and usually tasty.  But there isn't much special about it, of course.
4 ||| I really enjoy Panera, and this restaurant meets my expectations. I particularly love the Asiago Cheese Bagel, Caesar Salad, Bacon Turkey Bravo Sandwich, Tuna Salad Sandwich, Smokehouse Turkey Panini, Broccoli Cheddar Soup, and Iced Chai Tea Latte. I've ordered all of these items at this location, and they have been very tasty.. . I have had this location run out of the side of French Baguette once or twice. However, last time that occurred, I asked for a bread bowl as a replacement, which I was given for free.. . I'll definitely be returning soon!
2 ||| I've had bad experiences here a few times now.  I wrote panera bread and haven't heard back.  Bad service all around!!!  Basically, we ordered our food, they ran out of what we wanted, so just decided to make us something else with out telling us.  When we got our food, we asked why they made us that instead of what we ordered---'oh it was the closest to what you wanted'.....hmmmm how about you tell us that before we pay, and how about you give us our money back.  Really, you don't get much for what you pay for at panera.  Its not very good at all.
4 ||| It's the same Panera food you've had before.  I like the other ones better as they are often  faster at preparing food than this one.  That said the food is fine and the staff is nice enough.. . They have warm cookies for $2.00.  That is a nice feature.
3 ||| It seems silly to rate a chain so I won't talk about the food. . . I just love coming to this Panera because it's right by Barnes and Noble.  I recently started getting into the Panera card. Compared to the other Paneras I have to say that this one seems cleaner, bigger, and all around nicer.  Of course I would never go out of my way to get here but if you're at Barnes and Noble and aren't happy with the sandwiches there (which I was) I would venture on over to Panera.
2 ||| Panera bread has to be the most inconsistent restaurant I have ever been to. I have posted two pictures of the strawberry poppyseed chicken salad. The first one looks delicious the second one looks like they could've used a smaller bowl. It did not even look appetizing.
1 ||| The food was fine. It's a chain. I'm not rating it. . . The service was absolutely horrible. It started well enough when we ordered lunch, but ended horribly when my daughter said we should get a treat for my husband. . . Between being ignored by the girl at the counter, her not listening to the order, then arguing with me when I told her I did not ask for what she brought me, I really can't decide which is worse. I rather spend my money somewhere local where they appreciate my business, rather than take attitude from Panera employees.
4 ||| This use to be my go to Panera Bread.  When I worked in the area I would stop here before work to grab my breakfast and then stop to get my lunch as well.  I was happy when I left the area and moved on to bigger and better things.  My waist also appreciated it.  Those scones are delicious.. . I recently stopped back here when I was shopping and was pleasantly surprised.  With all my new allergies I came in here hoping to get some bread.  Not knowing, nor doing my homework before I showed up, I asked the manager if one particular bread had corn syrup in it or not.  Not knowing the answer herself, she was kind enough to pull out a binder that contained all of their recipes, ingredients included.  After looking through it for a few minutes I was able to select the bread I wanted.  They will sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now.  If you would rather slice yourself, I am sure they will wrap it up and you can go on your way.  Yes, it's true, it may be a bit more expensive than your cheap bread on the grocery store shelf.  But it is much better tasting.
4 ||| It was my first time here.  Was recommended by my coworker.  However, I was a little unsure as I've read some bad reviews about this place.. . The first visit was great.  The receptionists were helpful and gave me guidance on how to get my dog licensed.  Everyone seemed happy and talkative.  . . Dr. Bezak was very nice.  He had a smile on him the entire time I was there.  He was very quick to give me information about anything and everything relating to the dog.  Overall, I had a good first visit and definitely going back.. . The only thing that made it didn't earn a five-star is that my appointment is at 12:15pm.  The entire office have their lunch at 1pm.  So I can tell there was alot of hustle to get me out of their asap.  I don't mind that it was a quick visit, but I would have liked to had time to ask more questions.  If you want adequate time with the doc, consider making your appointment after their lunch.
5 ||| I only allow my dogs to go to Dr. Bezak. I've had a couple Chow Chow's who a lot of vets are afraid of. Doc had a Chow himself so knew what to look out for in the breed. He has taken good care of them over the years.
4 ||| What can I say, I'm a shill for Target!  Like another reviewer says, you have to watch the impulse buying here because it is so easy to do!. . But as for the name brands here, I've never had a problem with them.  I bought some Woolrich blankets and sheets here that my husband and I have been very satisfied with.  The housewares section here is positively unbeatable.  My husband Rick is an amateur chef and he could blow his paycheck on the kitchen utensils.  He particularly likes the Michael Graves ones.  He is also an amateur photographer and he still works with film, so he likes the film development here.. . Me, I also like buying household cleaners and personal items such as soaps, toothpaste, deoderant, etc because the selection is so good.  I've also purchased a lot of my casual wear here.
4 ||| Oh Target!  You are big corporate America!  But how can I not love you so?  Your prices are the best whenever I need household goods like detergents, cleaners, etc.  For personal effects such as toiletries, soap, etc, you can't be beat!  Your cookware and bakeware department is every bit as good as Macy's!. . And I see you have the retro tees too.  You know:  Yes http://www.dovenetq.net.au/~mahayes/Graphics/YesLogoFullCircle1.jpg Boston http://www.vinylrecords.ch/B/BO/Boston/Boston/boston-63.jpg Led Zeppelin http://henrikfalck.com/blog/uploaded_images/LedZeppelinLedZeppelinalbumcover-716782.jpg  We know what "retro tee" means:  faux aged, catering to boomers and teens, and costing way more than they origianlly did.  Oh and made in China of course!
5 ||| OMG. Target is my fav store ever. I love the staff they are also so helpful and friendly. They recognize me being there quite often!!! I also greatly appreciate being able to use a target coupon AND a manufacture coupon!!!!!  I save so much money shopping  there and now I save 5% everyday using my target debit card!!!!! Ah I love this store!!!!!!!
4 ||| After working for the rival of Target for years, Target has become my favorite mega chain store to shop at.  Although it does not seem to have every single item as other stores I'm still able to get in and get out in a hurry.  . . Depending on the time of day, it may be a task just to find a parking space due to the traffic light at the end of the road.  If you don't mind walking a bit, the aisle where the pharmacy sign is on the building usually has spots closer to the front of the store.. . The only downside I can find for this location is the smell of overly burnt buttered popcorn as soon as you walk in due to the cafe location.  I prefer not to vomit as soon as I walk into a store, maybe after about ten minutes in I'd consider it.
4 ||| This is a really great pharmacy - friendly, quick, knowledgeable, and inexpensive.
4 ||| Target is pretty standard. If you've been to one of them, you'll know largely what to expect from this one. That being said, this store is clean, and the deals one clearance can be good. Just make sure to check the circular and the website, as sometimes additional coupons can be found that the store personnel aren't aware of. . . The electronics department staff are not very knowledgeable, and tried to pressure me into buying a different TV by repeating marketing lingo, but were unable to explain what their claims actually were when challenged on them, so make sure to do your research beforehand if purchasing electronics.
4 ||| Target is one of my favorite stores -- I just love wandering around late at night when the store is quiet -- it's just so therapeutic! This location is now my closest store, so I drop by pretty often.. . This store is pretty average. Inventory and customer service aren't particularly stellar but isn't poor either. I've generally been able to find what I need here and check out pretty quickly. . . In addition to the common pharmacy and photo studio found in most Targets, this location also has an optical department. Of the 10-15 locations in the Pittsburgh area, only this store and the Cranberry store sell glasses. I purchased a pair of glasses and sunglasses through Target Optical three years ago and have been very happy with their product and customer service.
3 ||| It's not the greatest Target of all time but it still meets all of your basic needs.. . If you're looking for produce, lower prices, and bigger selection in every department then head to the Target in East Liberty.
4 ||| I was in and out, and I didn't wait in long to long so I'm happy.
4 ||| I've been to many Targets and they're all the same. However, this particular one is currently being remodeled. Children's clothing, toys, electronics and health & beauty items have been moved to other parts of the store. There is a new Starbucks that is now open. The cafe that is there has been remodeled and will serve Pizza Hut pizza and other new menu items. The area where the electronics used to be it is now going to have a small grocery section. Basically, this Target in Homestead will eventually look like the one in East Liberty. I like this Target, so I am pleased with the new changes (especially Starbucks)!
3 ||| It always feels like everyone who shops at this target is moving in slow motion. Just sayin'.. . Otherwise, it's pretty much so like any other Target. The lines were crazy long today and I was only buying one thing. I was relieved when they sent a few more cashiers in and opened up some more lines. It definitely expedited what was looking to be a very long wait.
3 ||| Target.. . I like Target more than I like Walmart. Walmart is bad.. . I like Target enough to return. I like it enough to pass by any Walmart that my throw itself in my path. Does that mean I love Target? No, it is just OK.
2 ||| Watch out when it looks like something is on sale.  They mark a rack or table with a big buy one get one or 50% off sign, then only some of the stuff on the rack is on sale.
5 ||| OK I know what you're thinking - You're a chick!  Why are you rating MEN'S Wearhouse?!  Well recently the BF and I went shopping for some business friendly clothes for him.  Our "wardrobe expert" (and I feel terrible because I forgot his name) was incredibly friendly and helpful that I couldn't help but think - WHY DON'T THEY HAVE STORES LIKE THIS FOR WOMEN!!?  Someone who helps you - no matter your size or height, finds you the pants that fit your body, the dress shirts, the jackets, etc.  This man was absolutely STELLAR!  Incredibly personable and he knew his job well.  The BF left with exactly what he needed and I may or may not have talked him into a few other items... What can I say, I like a sharp dressed man (cue ZZ Top).  So if you're looking to make your man a little more stud-ly with a jacket, tie, dress shirt, or perhaps a full suit, stop by Men's Warehouse.  You'll be drooling over him in no time ;)
5 ||| I went in to get my suit that I bought last year tailored because I had lost some weight and I couldn't have had a better experience. When I walked in I was immediately created by Bill who was warm and friendly. Anna came out to perform the measurements and mark up the suit. She checked everything, even changes I hadn't thought to have made to make sure the suit fits me perfectly when they are done. Best of all, when I asked if they could ship the suits to me at my house since I no longer live in Pittsburgh, they asked when I was leaving town and promised they would get it done for me before I left  the next day. Better yet, they had the suit ready for me early, avoiding the rush for me to pick it up before I left. Everyone was extremely helpful and diligent and I will continue to only get changes done at this store.
3 ||| I got a cheese pizza delivery from here once, and I feel like...it's one of those places where it's okay and if that's what someone put in front of me I would eat it, but I definitely wouldn't go, "OMG, let's eat there!". . It was just boring to me. (And I love cheese pizza!). . But some of my coworkers like to eat here on occasion, so maybe some of their other stuff is better. I wouldn't know.
4 ||| I got pizza here on a Saturday night in a pinch.  Looking for a place that sells by the slice, I drove around for a while.  Not only did they have by-the-slice pizza, but they also had some of my favorite toppings.  I also hate crust that's too thick, and -- although I prefer it even thinner than it was -- I was pretty satisfied with the crust.  . . The only thing that could be improved is the salad.  We got a grilled chicken salad.  The chicken and fries were okay, but the rest was pretty run of the mill.. . As for the pizza, I'll definitely be back for more.
4 ||| PROS: Great selection and excellent service. They had knowledgable personnel on the floor (manager?) who was helpful.. . CONS: Traffic to the store (one lane) got pretty congested. Wouldn't give me a coupon that I had forgotten at home but that's not a big deal.
4 ||| I head straight back to the clearance! That's where you'll find the best deals. You will be able to see your savings when you check out because it's calculated on your receipt. Im a huge proponent of going after summer and winter seasons to stock up for next year - boots, galoshes and sandals never go out of style.
4 ||| I have no idea why I've lived close to this DSW for nearly a year and had never shopped here before! This week, I was looking for a very specific pair of heels, and DSW was my go to place. I found a fabulous name-brand pair at a great price. While browsing around, there was an associate who was slowly straightening shoes, but she made no effort to talk to or even smile at me (which is awkward because I smiled at her). Thankfully, the cashier was an extremely sweet and outgoing older lady, who encouraged me to sign up for their loyalty program. Though I didn't really need to sign up, she was so kind that I couldn't say no. I plan on going back very soon!
5 ||| Great on line service!!!  2nd time placing an order on line and they made it easy as far as getting the correct sizes in a timely manner.
1 ||| This store has such bad service. The service staff are rude rude rude.  Save your money, shop elsewhere.
3 ||| This Bed Bath & Beyond seems like your average store location. I don't have anything too bad or too exciting to say about this location... descent products and descent service. I would just recommend taking all of your Bed Bath & Beyond coupons with you when shopping because staff will help you combine them as best as possible.
4 ||| I love bed bath & beyond! . . The employees at this particular one are always available and helpful!  . . The selection, plus the 20% off coupons keep me coming back, and its also where I get all of the things for my soda stream. . . Overall I will be back many, many times
5 ||| We just completed our wedding registry at the Homestead location. The customer service was outstanding! One of the employees, Chris, walked around with us to help us pick out exactly what we needed. The wedding registry coordinator, Christina, was also very helpful and accommodating. They treated us as if we were royalty. I would recommend this wedding registry without a doubt!
4 ||| Basically after being sent here after not having the item at another location, I walk in and go to the exact spot that the item is suppose to be.  And yet again, the exact one is not on the shelf.. . Frustrated, I walk to the Customer Service desk and ask whether or not they have it.  Which the response I got was to basically look on the shelf.  After I told them I did that already, one of the employees had an ingenious idea.  Instead of checking the kitchen part of the store, why not check the bath part.  What do you know, that's where it was.. . So that just makes me think that they had this item at the other store, but just weren't in tune with knowing that the item was located in another part of the store.. . Everything after that was a smooth ride.  Wedding registry updated, purchased, and gift wrapped.  Yes, these places have an area that you can gift wrap for free.  It says it's a do it  yourself area, but for some reason an employee did mine for free.  Only downside is that some of the gift wrapping that some of the wrapping items have the store name on it, which might look a bit tacky.
4 ||| This is a very small, yet nice store. The associates are nice and helpful. Not much else to say about this particular store. Just a pleasure to purchase from...
1 ||| We had the worst possible experience at the Eat N Park at Waterfront on 2/12/10 at around 10pm. Our waitress (Annemarie) was inattentive and got us the wrong order. We ended up with a dish we had not even ordered and still got charged for it on the check. . . One of my friends ordered a Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, which according to the menu description, should've had lettuce and tomato in it. But the sandwich that arrived on our table had none of those ingredients. When pointed out to the waitress, she just brought some lettuce and tomatoes in a plate! How crude! . . Spoke to the manager after paying the full check and first of all, she did not even offer to re-imburse for the item we did not even order, and that had been forcibly thrust upon us. . . When I asked the manager about the Buffalo Chicken sandwich not having any lettuce and tomato, she said they just got new menus and that description is not correct and that Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is supposed to be without lettuce and tomato! What a lame excuse! Even your online menu says under the description for a Buffalo Chicken sandwich that its supposed to have both those ingredients - "Served with lettuce and tomato on a fresh-baked Kaiser roll." - That's what the last line in the description of Buffalo Chicken Sandwich says. Shame on you Manager for lying! Instead of admitting her fault, she was blaming it to a new menu!. . Not only did we have to pay for something that we didn't order or eat, but we got sub-standard food that was different from what was described in the menu, and had to deal with a really bad waitress and insensitive and deceitful manager to top off the whole experience. . . I am never going to come back to any Eat N Park location ever again, and will never recommend one to any of my friends either. What a waste of time and money! Plus dealing with callous and lying people - my goodness, I surely had my patience tested this evening!
2 ||| Much like every other Eat 'n Park (3 or 4 stars worth of chain-diner food), except the last five times I've been here, the service has been damn, damn, daaaaaaaamn slow.  It's always fun to see the staff smoking out back while I've waited an hour for some scrambled eggs.
3 ||| If you must eat at Eat N Park, this is the one you want to go to. Why you ask? The corporate offices are right next door and the suits are there every day, breakfast lunch and dinner. . . When I spend a few hours with dear old mom, she enjoyed spending a day at the Waterfront, she loved the since closed 39 center store, where she could buy her monthly greeting cards for 39 cents each. Then we drive over to this eat n park where she has her breakfast smile and I enjoy an egg beater sandwich and fresh fruit.. . This place is spotless, the salad bar always looks fresh and the food is good, for a chain.
5 ||| Great location!  I love that you can substitute burger with a veggi patti and that they have gluten free bread.  Love love love the smiley cookies :)
4 ||| Always good food at a fair price. It's not gourmet, but they have an amazing salad/ soup bar that would put most other places to shame. Great fresh food, friendly service, and desserts to go. Can't beat it.
3 ||| They make a nice breakfast for less than the tip form dinner the night before.  That's not bad!
4 ||| Very good cheap food. Pittsburgh classic.Great desserts! The oreo pie is amazing! The servers are always very friendly. The salad bar could be a little more clean.
2 ||| God i hate eat n park. Only reason i have gone is for the salad bar because u cant find a decent salad bar in this city. Just about every entree iv had here is nothing more than rubbish, except maybe the cheesteak. Only go if u have little kids
4 ||| This is a stop I hit whenever I head to the Waterfront. It's a pretty large store with lots of goodies. Yes, it takes time to find things I like, but that's what discount stores are about! Overall, of all the TJ Maxxes I've been to (from New Mexico to Boston), this is a pretty good one.
5 ||| This TJ Maxx is quickly becoming a weekly stop for me! The corporate team is definitely giving this store a lot of love with the product that they receive. Lately, I haven't been able to go into this store without spending at least $50-100. Dangerous!. . As you walk in, handbags are the first thing you see. Last time I visited the store, I was on a mission -- coffee table decor -- but was quickly sidetracked by a large, briefcase-sized, black leather Michael Kors bag priced half-off the suggested retail price. So tempting... but I forgot about this amazing bag when I stumbled upon two quality sweaters thirty seconds later. One was Design History, which is a brand currently sold at Nordstrom, Saks, Neimans, and Bluefly, for only $25. I also found Adrienne Vittadini flats for $29, Meri Meri cupcake kits for $7, Woodwick candles for $10-12, and a luxurious Tahari throw blanket for $29. I walked out of the store minus $120 in my debit account with at least $300+ of product.. . I've also been delightfully surprised by the cleanliness of the store and the fitting rooms and by the friendliness of the staff. I was having an issue with my debit card while there, and the two associates that I worked with were very helpful and understanding about the issue.. . I'll definitely be going back in the next week or two to see what amazing new deals they'll have then!
4 ||| I enjoy this TJ Maxx location. I'm not sure that any TJ Maxx in Western PA has as good of a selection as the Johnstown TJ Maxx, (yes, that's right, I really did say Johnstown) but this one is pretty close. There is plenty of space, and there is a decent homegoods section as well. Not huge, but decent.. . This location always has a few Bliss products, which makes it top notch in my opinion. I mean, where else can you get discounted Bliss products??. . I generally don't have a lot of success with shoes at TJ Maxx because they never seem that discounted to me, but I have struck gold at this location several times. Last summer I scored two pairs of Cole Haan wedges for under $40 at the beginning of summer, and I've had success with booties here as well. Great deals on shoes makes me a happy girl!. . All in all, this is a great location, and one that I frequent at least a few times per month.
4 ||| Decent size, decent selection, decent staff.. . I guess that can wholly sum this place up, it's decent.  As with many other stores that are like this, the product rotates depending on what doesn't sale well at other stores.  Can always snag a deal here.  I was able to pick up a pretty sweet Puma jacket for $10, can't beat that, right?. . That being said, there are those times that you may not find anything as well.  So really don't get your hopes up if you are looking for a specific item.
3 ||| I was somewhat disappointed that I didn't find what I was looking for.  This is a fairly small Marshalls.  It didn't look like the store received the worst items around, they just don't appear to have a lot of diversity like many of the other Marshalls that I patronize.  Will I return?  Yeah, I will.  I had one item in mind that I was looking for and didn't look for very many other things.
3 ||| If you're looking for a wallet, a new cheap purse or something of that nature--this is the place to go.. . Otherwise, this kind of shopping just isn't for me!. I don't have the patience for clothes shopping here though.. The racks drive me nuts bc they're in no particular order.. . Its "Shirts/Sizes", "Pants/Sizes", "Jeans/Sizes", "Coats/Sizes". I can't look through a gazillion racks of shirts looking for something I like (aimlessly) in a M or L... I just cant do it!  lol. Wish I could, I'd probably find some deals.. . PROS:. Some good deals. . CONS:. You've gotta "dig deep" to find 'em
3 ||| Went in here to grab a last minute item I needed for an outfit.  I wasn't going to hold my breath here either, I know it's a Marshalls and that doesn't always mean the best selection.  It's hit or miss no matter what you are looking for.. . This day, was a hit, maybe even a home run.  I do have to admit, the Kenneth Cole shirt I got not only looked great on me, but made my wallet feel even better!
2 ||| Since both Marshalls and TJ Maxx are owned by the same company, I make sure to stop by both locations when shopping at the Waterfront. I generally find nothing or spend only $10 or so at Marshalls, while being enticed to spend at least $50-100 at TJ Maxx. The Waterfront TJ Maxx seems to have not only the same product as this Marshalls plus a whole lot more. All that to say, I consider shopping here a waste of time since I could just drive a block or so and be at a store owned by the same company that always has what I want and need. Sorry, Marshalls, but you're just OK to me.
5 ||| No pictures!  I knew I should have taken my camera!. . My aunt and I went there today for Mother's day.  I think we must have gotten the lunch menu because everything looked pretty cheap (I've been to the one in Columbus).  My aunt had a chicken dinner (grilled chicken, green beans and potatoes with butter) and I had their Shanghai sampler which had a couple of shrimp, a couple of scallops and a nice piece of salmon, all done perfectly.  We didn't order dessert since my aunt had made my favorite pumpkin pie!  Anyway, dinner was great, and so was the service, thus the five stars!
4 ||| This is one of the few restaurants I frequent in the Waterfront. Why would you come to Mitchell's if not for the fish/seafood? You probably wouldn't. But you can swim in the Great Lakes beer on tap here and have some nice oysters while enjoying river view. Not many places in Pittsburgh offer these types of views while dining (and that's a Pittsburgh mystery to me). The restaurant is never to crowded and you won't get packed in like sardines in a tin can. So you can enjoy a fairly romantic dinner with your loved one(s).  . The food is very good but you may have to shell out a few clams of your own ($$$). If you have deep ocean like pockets put your hook into the  sea bass which is always moist and scrumptious at around $29.99. They will cook your food one of several ways. I like my fish broiled, their signature is too salty for my liking. Bread is mmmgood and hot (free). Staff is very  accommodating ie you can request to sample a soup and the servers are pleased to do so. I recommend you try their soups like the seafood gumbo. A bowl of this creamy delight goes a long way...bonus they toss in those little hexagonal oyster crackers as  reminds me of my youth on Long Island's south shore (but that's another story). Salads a bit skimpy and somewhat pricey (approx. $7.95 for basic house salad). Bottom line is Mitchell's at the Waterfront is well worth taking the splash for if you really like a nice seafood dinner.
4 ||| Mtchells is one of the best fish places around.  I really like their Shanghi preparation of my fish. It's just delicious.. . The establishment is always clean, the staff courteous and the fish, of course, fresh.  . . Oddly enough one of my favorite things about going here besides the fish is the bread they give you.  It's always so warm and tasty.. . The deserts are also very tasty.  I have gotten two that I really liked. . They also have a three course fixed price option last I went that was a great value. I think it was $20/person for lunch.
4 ||| An excellent choice for fresh, well prepared seafood located in the Waterfront area in Homestead.   I frequent this area for business travel, and you can't do much better without heading downtown.. . The seafood is excellent, with a daily menu crammed full of fresh fish specials, a raw bar, and a list of chef's specialties.  The house salad is sweet and delicious, and the 'shanghai' seafood preparation is delicious, healthy, and unique.  Try it with the scallops or a white-fleshed fish.. . There is a nice selection of regional beers on tap, a decent selections of wines, and creative drinks (think elderflower and pear martinis).  The deserts are adequate, though not a highlight.  . . If you're on the Waterfront, you won't do better than this.  Enjoy!
4 ||| I was impressed.  . . Went here for lunch.  The seafood gumbo was tremendous.  I wasn't in the mood for more seafood so I had the chicken blt on ciabatta bread.  I'm not sure what type of creamy sauce they put on the bread, but it was delicious.  Will go back again.. . The food was reasonably priced for lunch.  Dinner would obviously be more expensive but I imagine it's worth the $.
4 ||| I did not know this is a franchise restaurant until I had looked it up on the internet. This is the only restaurant I was not familiar with by the waterfront. My mom and me sat on the outdoor patio, the weather was very nice on a breezy summer day. . There was a great prix fixe special for $23, what a great price for regular portion salad---the dressing was too sweet for me---entree and mini dessert.. The fish was fresh. My mom's chilean sea bass shanghi style came with sticky rice and spinach. The sea bass had nice texture and was reasonably priced. My lobster and shrimp pappardelle had more shrimp than I expected. My desert was creme brulee, which was very good. I love a good sugar coated dessert.
4 ||| I took my cousin from California here for lunch. We were both eating lite since a) I was dieting and b) my family was having dinner at my mother's house and she was slaving over lasagna all day, so if anyone knows anything about Italian mother's, you better arrive hungry. Back to mitchell's, I had the iceberg wedge with bacon, egg, tomatoes and a delicious home made blue cheese dressing. I also ordered a bowl of seafood gumbo which was the best gumbo I ever tasted. It wasn't overly packed with rice, as a matter of fact, there wasn't much rice at all. It was mostly shredded crab, scallops, and shrimp with a very delicate broth that wasn't too thick and the heat snuck up on you after swallowing. It wasn't a lot of heat, just enough to make it exciting. As for the iceberg wedge salad, every once in awhile I need a piece of iceberg instead of a bowl of spring mix (ie: tender weeds). The star of this salad was the chef made blue cheese dressing. It was not overly thick, very tasty and savory. It complimented the bacon and egg on the wedge. The cousin ordered the carrot cake for dessert and it was easily a pound slice. I tasted a little bite and must say it's the best carrot cake I've ever tasted. The cream cheese frosting was more buttery than "cheesy", it was a great surprise when you're expecting the normal cream cheese frosting. There were whole walnuts throughout the cake and many raisins, which I love. Also this recipe seems to rely on more cinnamon than I've tasted in the past. I highly recommend it. It was a wonderful lunch and I'm sure she had carrot cake to take on the plane ride back to Riverside.
5 ||| This place has great seafood. The best in the area. I come here for seafood every time. Everything on their menu is good. Their menu changes all the time depending on what was in season. Appetizers are amazing like the raw oysters.  Their clam chowder is the best. Really creamy with lots of clams. Wonderful restaurant. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. We love coming to this restaurant. Don't forget a reservation on weekends. You will not get a table and will probably wait an hour or two if you don't have one. We never get to the dessert. Always too full to eat dessert.   Forgot to take pictures.
3 ||| Mitchell's Fish Market is a very nice place to eat...for a chain restaurant.  And actually, if it wasn't a chain, it wouldn't be too bad either.  The atmosphere was surprisingly pleasant - the room was warm and intimate, perfect for a date.  It wasn't too noisy or too crowded, and we were seated right away on a Friday around 7:30 pm.. . Our server was friendly, and happy to give recommendations.  I started with a house salad, which I told the server I would split with my boyfriend.  She brought it to us on two separate plates, which I thought was a nice touch, and more than what I expected.  Poppy seed dressing was okay, it's pretty thick and creamy as I remember, but tasty.. . I ordered from the special menu, since they had a bit of a lobster promotion going on.  My entree was a combo: lobster tail, and "lobster pot pie."  Now, lobster is a beautiful thing, but I have to say....it wasn't beautiful here.  It wasn't awful, but it didn't taste as fresh as I like (I'm guessing that's because the meat was frozen originally).  It's just a shame.  Dipping the lobster in butter was a pleasant experience, but it's supposed to be an ecstatic one.. . The lobster pot pie was totes not what I imagined.  I pictured a flaky, golden crust, a delicious creamy lobstery gravy, and big hunks of lobster and vegetables.  Instead....I got what sort of resembled a small bread bowl made of a biscuit.  There was a lot of sauce, which was surprisingly orange in color and very rich, with some lobster chunks and vegetables that appeared to come from a bag of frozen veg (I'd recognize those tiny square-shaped carrot chunks anywhere)!  Whaaaaaaaat?  It wasn't bad or anything, but not what I imagined.  I was a little bummed out.  . . So everything we ate was just fine, and nice when you're craving seafood....but I think in future I'd rather just head to the Strip, get a lobster, and cook the sucker up myself.  I didn't try their fresh preparations, so I can't say how those were.. . I'd say in the Waterfront though, it's probably one of your better options.  Healthier and fresher than most of the other choices.  And the atmosphere is great, including the service.
4 ||| Excellent service, great meal!  They had an excellent selection of seafood,  and I can't wait to dine again
4 ||| This was a great find near Pittsburgh alternative to down town scene. Ambiance was great on the deck by the river, and service was excellent (Thanks Melisa for history lessens!). Seafood including Oysters were fresh and well prepared. Price was reasonable for "Prefix" menu including scrumptious dessert.  What an evening to end a fantastic summer day in Pittsburgh.
4 ||| DRINKS: Water for me, Yuengling for my fiance. APPETIZERS: Cup of Maine Lobster Bisque for me -- soo good! My fiance had the New Orleans Seafood Gumbo which I had a taste of it and it was good, but I liked my soup better...very rich and creamy but full of flavor with a fair amount of lobster bits mixed in. The bread they served with the apps was fresh baked (I believe sourdough) and it was quite tasty along with the whipped butter. Our entrees came with house salads - had great elements, but I felt I couldn't enjoy mine because the dressing given was a poppyseed vinagrette and I can't handle too much acidity in my food these days. My fiance however cleaned his salad plate (not a sentence I utter often).. ENTREES: I had one of the specials, Grilled Shrimp and Scallops with roasted summer vegetables and tomato vinagrette (which I asked for on the side). The seafood part was great - the vegetables were so-so. My fiance had the special of Cod stuffed with Lobster (and some other seafood) with asparagus and a lemony sauce - I had a taste of his and it was really yummy, I'll def order that next time! We both finished our plates, which wasn't too challenging b/c the portions were moderate (I got 3  srhimp and 3 scallops for example) but still filling.. DESSERT: Didn't order any. SERVICE: Friendly, though a little sparse. After we finished our meals we felt like we were waiting around for awhile before we could ask for our check. But our server was overall friendly and we didn't feel neglected or anything.. DEALS/DISCOUNTS: None. OVERALL: We liked the variety and freshness of seafood. Def a place we'd consider going to again, which is the main mark of a very good experience!
3 ||| Got lunch from here today. . . What I sampled: . Maine Lobster Bisque (delicious and the whole reason for getting lunch from here). Cheeseburger (decent version I only ate about half, but I expect the other half won't last long). . Overall I enjoy going here, though it is a bit overpriced, but sometimes I am just in the mood for that lobster bisque!
5 ||| We went here for Valentines Day after some traffic downtown made us miss our reservation somewhere else. We both loved it. The calamari is outstanding and if you get there before 7, they run happy hour which is half off apps and $3 beers. . . I had filet and crab cake and it was delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly and the crabcake was a good size. Atmosphere was good and busy but that is likely because of it being Valentines day. Despite the busyness, the wait staff was very attentive.. . My wife's steak came out rare despite asking for medium but they took it back and recooked it to a perfect medium level. We will def be back.
4 ||| Went on a Saturday, 2 hour wait. food is good, I got some seafood gumbo to go and I won't do that again. Seemed like it didn't have any seafood in it.
5 ||| The service is great and friendly. I got the baked spinach and artichoke dip and it was superb. I love the fresh, right out of the oven bread too. I got the Atlantic salmon, and it was probably the best fish I have ever tried. Listened to other yelpers suggestion of the shang hai preparation, and they were right. Just make sure you make a reservation! Best seafood restaurant in da burgh!
4 ||| Service was slow, but that was because one of our party insisted that the bartender, her favorite server, serve us in our private room for a party of 8.  The food and drinks were good and we woud return.
2 ||| I am bummed about this- I had high hopes. Here's a rundown of the evening:. . Pros:. - super friendly waitress, Stephanie, who maintained her professionalism and friendliness throughout . - yummy elderflower and pear beverage. - lobster bisque was nice and lobster-y. - hot delicious bread. . Cons:. - oysters were sketch. And I don't feel good about that. Stephanie brought us an order of East Coast oysters to replace the West Coast ones that we sent back.. - fresh grated horseradish had NO flavor or heat- what's up with that?. - scallops were meh- came with weird veggies, unevenly seared, and no real flavor. And at a whopping $25 a plate, I expect some nummers!. . I doubt we'll go back- for those prices, I would prefer McCormick's or Ruth's Chris.
4 ||| Good food..yummy
2 ||| Service an atmosphere was great. I had the shrimp boil and it was very under-seasoned. Much closer to bland than anything.
1 ||| I'm not a mean reviewer, if you look at the other places I've reviewed, but this was just so so so disappointing. The Shanghai style Merlin was very poorly done. The meat was extremely bland, with very little seasoning. I have a very low sodium tolerance and yet I still found this fish to be made too bland. The rice was entirely uncooked and it made crunching sounds as I took my first bite. I talked to the waitress and she offered to bring out another side. It wasn't the same. The whole dish was a fail and I don't think I am ever coming back again :(
2 ||| I went here on a recent business trip, and there aren't many decent options in West Homestead, so I decided to splurge on the company's dollar and  ordered take-out.   . . I was highly disappointed in the service, and I only ordered take out.    Upon going to the bar to announce that I was there for take out, there were 3 other people at the bar.   The bartender had her back to me and it wasn't until a few minutes had passed that another guest told her that she should wait on me.    . . After announcing the reason for my visit, she checks on my order (not ready yet) and helps other tables.  No offer of water, or a drink.  Another gentleman working the bar asked the bartender if she had offered me a drink, she stated to him my order would be right up.   He then asked if she offered me a water, to which she replied, her order is going to be right up.    He placed a glass of water in front of me.. . Then I hear my name and order announced by the kitchen staff.   3 staff members yelled. .  ."it's TAKEOUT"  so back it went into the kitchen to be packed up.. . Gentelman bartender asks female bartender if she has rung me up yet (she had not). . After more time had passed (how long does it take to put food into a takeout container?)   it finally is put down in front of me.  She then rings me up.   I don't expect take out to be piping hot, but at this point i wondered if it was even going to be room.. . When i go to eat my meal, utensils were not included.  I now had to go find something to eat my lukewarm food with. . . VERY DISAPPOINTING experience.   Will not be returning.
1 ||| Will I come here again?  Yes absolutely for drinks, they knocked the Ketel One extra dirty blue cheese olive martini outta the park.  The ambiance is very nice.  Of the 4 types of reviews I give (awesome, OK, bad where they get slammed and bad where I hope they improve) here I am giving the heartfelt "bad where I hope they improve."  Our waitress was very friendly and did a good job.  I mentioned the gritty redskins of the mashed potato.  We went with appetizers she recommended.  Not good.  . . Seared ahi tuna: horrible flavors mixed with the rub, the prep, the tuna wasn't cool inside, the chips were not good, there was no soy sauce but there was wasabi.  NOT good.  With heartfelt advice, compare this against Outback's ahi tuna appetizer and it's no contest.  The chef should do so.  (He's a nice guy like me I hope.)  . . BBQ shrimp: go try Redstone's (Philly) buffalo shrimp appetizer.  It is chilled, very delicious.  This appetizer was recommended and was garbage.  The barbecue sauce was horrible, overwhelmed and left an unsavory aftertaste in both my and my clients' palate.  Gordon Food Service or Sysco BBQ sauce.  A real "must-miss".  . . Cod entree was OK.  The skillet beans were too firm, too mature, they need petite green beans.  Potato skin had grit in the mashed.  Why 1 star?  The price was close to Capital Grille, but far from the cuisine.  I hope they spruce it up.  The place is nice.
4 ||| Had the blackened fish taco's, the were very good along with a pint of Guinness. Recommended.
4 ||| First off I have to note, their Maine Lobster Bisque is amazing. Definately don't miss out on it. . . That being said, we had lunch there and the lunch portions are a good value. I had the Cedar Plank salmon. The fish was fantastic, except that the vegetables were a little bland. . . The atmosphere at the restaurant is quite relaxed, and I don't think I've ever seen it get more than mildly busy in there, so it is a nice place to go to have a quiet meal with someone special.
1 ||| I have always had a great dinner at Mitchell's but something has changed. Went there last night about 5:30, the place was maybe half full. We were seated and when it finally occurred to us that no one had been to the table at all to ask about drinks or even bring water, I started timing.... 14 minutes later we decided to leave. Told the hostess what had happened and got a blank stare.  Sorry but not going back there again.
2 ||| The service was mostly friendly but I was disappointed in my meal. My meal was way over cooked. The soda was flat and the carbonation needed changed and I felt like we inconvenienced our server by asking for new ones.  Overall, I thought it was mediocre and I was expecting more for the prices.
3 ||| I have passed by this place a zillion times and never given it a second look.  I thought it might be a Red Lobster knock off.  Then I asked a friend if they had ever heard of it and they had, and liked it.. . I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the ambiance was inside.  Very cozy.  Much more upscale than I had thought it would be.  The service was terrific.  Lots of things to choose from on the menu.  A bit pricier than I had imagined.  Most entrees were anywhere from $17 to $30.  But this is Pittsburgh and this is seafood.. . That said, they started us off with really delicious sour dough bread.  Butter was soft which I like.  Our entrees came pretty quickly.  I had a seafood assortment of blackened talapia, grilled sea scallops and salmon cooked on a plank.  The scallops were just done, I like them cooked a little more.  Everything else was pretty good.. My beloved had the crab cakes and really enjoyed them.. . We'll probably be back, but will order something different.   We liked it.
2 ||| Food was only ok. Had lobster bisque soup not to good. Had the shang Hai Seafood Sampler. The scallops were hard, over cooked. The samon was good. Shrimp had no flavor. I will say the service was the best. Our waiter was great!!
3 ||| We had a bigger party and I think that might have flustered the waitresses just a bit. They forgot about our waters until the food came out, but were super apologetic when they did bring them. The food was ok. I ordered the crab cakes they were a bit heavy on the breading, so I would give them a rating of, "eh". My friend ordered a steak, asked for medium rare, and it came out...well done. He was too hungry to complain and just ate it. We might go back again, and this time maybe take a bit more time looking over the menu.
4 ||| Very very good chain family restaurant. I had their yellowfin tuna steak shanghai style and it was great. Service was excellent and the party of 5 I was with swore they could eat there every week as the menu was extremely diverse. It's hard for me to give a chain 5/5 but this is pretty close.
4 ||| Love this place - they were very accommodating to me, Peanut and Gramma (she goes often).  Solid wine selection and Gramma says they make a good Margarita.  We all enjoyed all of our food as well.  Great view of the Mon too.
5 ||| My husband and I went to Mitchell's last summer for our wedding anniversary. We both took a half day at work and we arrived in the early afternoon (after lunch but before the dinner crowd). I can't say enough about this place...we have gone here on a few occasions and I've always been please with everything. . . Pros: Nice friendly waitress, who took some time to take our picture (since it was our anniversary), food was excellent and not extremely overpriced, restaurant and bathrooms were clean!. . Cons: None on this visit or any previous visits
4 ||| Love this place so much. The food is always so delicious always leave feeling extremely satisfied. The service is incredibly slow though, takes FOREVER to our meals! Even during lunch time when there's almost no one there.. I don't understand I always end up eating here for at LEAST two-four hours. Fish is always fresh, lobster is delicate and tasty, and surprisingly the steak is amazing as well. Clam chowder is rich and creamy-- perfect thickness! Love their salads as well. Definitely recommend this place for a date night :) pricey? Definitely, be prepared to spend at least $20/person!
5 ||| First I would like to say that I was hesitant coming to another fish place recommended by some temporary coworkers since the last place they sent me to made terribly ill. . That being said, I came here and was delighted by my server Michael who was not only friendly but incredibly attentive and very sharp. . I originally ordered the Mahi Mahi but alas, the ran out upon my ordering, in which case the manager promptly came to ask me for another upgraded selection at no additional charge. Hence, the tuna. . Now the tuna was amazing. Seared almost perfectly, with the rare flavor still intact. . I would most definitely come back again and if I lived in the area, this would be one of my top spots.
4 ||| Good quality food here. The clam chowder was excellent and so was the tuna appetizer and the Americana seafood plate loaded with shrimp and scallops in a creamy spinach sauce with small potatoes. I'd go here again if possible.
4 ||| I love Mitchell's Fish Market.  95% of the time, the food is amazing but, when they mess up, they move heaven and earth to make it better.  The last time we were at Mitchell's, I ordered the lobster and tenderloin skewers.  My lobster was underdone.  The server was amazing and replaced the lobster tail even though I had eaten most of it.  Then, to make our night even better, comped us a dessert.  It's that kind of stellar service that keeps us going back.
3 ||| I have eaten some very good dinners here.  Although it's a chain, I would say it's several notches above the other chain restaurants.  The chef here seems to add some creativity to the menu, so I will be definitely back again soon.
4 ||| The lobster rolls were delicious, the blackened fish tacos were light and flaky, not too spicy and had a nice salsa.  The white sangria was very refreshing and not too alcoholic.  The outdoor view of the river was really enjoyable and the service was quick.
4 ||| Mitchell's is located on the river side of the Waterfront and out of the crazy "let's fight to find a parking spot" area.  They do take reservations, but doubtful you need one on a weekday during lunch.  It wasn't busy when I was there on a Tuesday at noon.. . Mitchell's has a cool layout - large full bar in the middle, private large rooms for large parties, smaller areas for business lunches, full dining room seating with tables and booths, and an excellent outdoor patio where you can watch people ride by on the bike trail.  . . This is a seafood restaurant with lots of good options for fresh in season fish.  You can choose from a number of different fish to have prepared for salads, sandwiches, or just as they are.  I had the chopped salad and added scallops to it.  Delicious!  . . The price range is reasonable and you can plan on spending around $15 with your lunch and a soda/iced tea.  For that price, you really can't complain.  I drop almost that much at Panera on a half sandwich and cup of soup with an iced tea.  . . I'm sure it's much busier for dinner but I find Mitchell's to be an excellent place for a business lunch or just meeting friends.  I've been here for brunch as well and had an excellent Bloody Mary and eggs benedict with crab.
5 ||| My family and I go here whenever there is a special occasion and for good reason. The food is fantastic and the service cannot be beat, at least not when it's coming from the Governor or Kennedy. Best servers in the 'burgh!! I took my Dad there last weekend for his 70th birthday, didn't tell anyone that it was a special night out, but they treated us with such attention, accommodating our needs to a T. Kennedy adjusted meals to fit our taste, suggested things based on what we were looking for, took at least 10 minutes with us going over the menu...I could go on, but needless to say, it was just a fabulous meal and was worth every penny. We got the king crab and bacon wrapped shrimp to start, lobster bisque soup, cedar plank salmon, Chilean sea bass, and a fish medley made to order. We also always get the 7 layer carrot cake, which to me is the best cake anywhere in town.  A must go for anyone looking for an amazing meal and excellent service. But be sure and ask for Kennedy, he's a real dude.
5 ||| Have been here a few times. The wait staff is always top notch and food is very good. I had the steak and lobster tail. Steak was a perfect medium rare and the lobster was also cooked well. Oysters as an app. they appeared fresh and tasted how they should. Overall like in the past we had a great experience at mitchells which is not something I always expect from a chain.
4 ||| I went to this restaurant last week with my husband and my family. The restaurant is located on the Waterfront area. The variety of fish was excellent, including the fresh fish of the day. I ordered the atlantic cod and it was delicious.. The waitress' service was really good. . I definitely recommend this restaurante.
5 ||| Excellent fresh seafood. Good vegetables. Good service. Best place to eat on Waterfront.
3 ||| Top points. . Service. I was there with a large group for a meeting. They gave us a private room and two servers took care of us. They were efficient and very accommodating. Kudos. . . Appetizers: had the crab dip and calamari. Both were good. Servers brought extra chips with the dip as they were needed. I'm always surprised that more chips are not just added to the original dish at this point. Dip was good. Calamari was done well. Preferred the shrimp cocktail Sauce with it versus the Asian type soy sauce that is served with it. . . Wedge salad with bleu cheese. Waaaaaay too much cheese and I like bleu cheese. . . I had the blackened tuna with mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies. Carrots were carrot sticks hardly cooked and dry! Green beans overdone and broccoli had seen better days. Simple green beans would have been more appetizing. . Tuna had blackening spices but needed a better sear on it. Was not over cooked. Potatoes as expected. . Other dishes seen--fisherman's platter. Looked a little greasy, but that's expected from me in a full fried dish. Would be nice if this was offered broiled as well. Crab cakes and filet looked okay. . . Overall I'm always underwhelmed and overcharged here. I guess with chain places you get that, but I want more from a place that charges me 25 bucks for sub-seared tuna.
4 ||| A OK!. . Really loved the bacon wrapped shrimp! So amazing with the sauce on the side. This was probably the the best part of the meal.  . . I also had blacken salmon with a double order of spinach instead of a starch. The spinach was just steamed without any flavoring... Which is better in the long run,  but I wish they had options for sauteed with garlic. . . The service was great as well!  We were always taken care of.  . . Will definitely bring my bf here in the future.
4 ||| This was my first time at this location.  I've frequented the Upper St Clair Galleria restaurant.  There's a lot to like about this Columbus OH based chain.  I don't usually eat at chain restaurants nor will I review them because they're typically big food corporate run places that don't care what they feed you they just care about their stockholders.  This place seems different to me.  The food quality and care seems to be very high.  . . The staff is always well trained.  I like the decor and ambiance.  The menu offers many options.  I don't really like the fish preparation options very much and the portions can be small in some of the dishes but overall I am a fan.  I do really appreciate being able to buy fresh fish here.  I like to buy the trout and prepare it at home.  . . We were here for a Thanksgiving meet-up event with 69 other people.  The room was a little small and it ended up being too loud too but the staff really pulled it off overall.  It's a tough thing to do.  It wasn't perfect for sure but the food was surprisingly good and came out hot and fresh.  Nicely done.
3 ||| We went here for Thanksgiving dinner; we had called ahead to check out vegan options, but the person on the other end was a little grumpy about the matter, but there's so little open on that day, there was little choice except to make sure I ate a big lunch earlier.. . I ordered the Thai salad, which is probably the only vegan item on the menu - really just a coleslaw with a peanut sauce and some funky chips.  I also ordered some grilled vegetables.  Both were good, but not amazing. . . The beer selection was really bad (I mean, dive bar stuff), however the slightly pricey wine selection redeemed the place, and we had a great red and white.  . . The service too was pretty good, but I simply can't recommend going here due to the poor selection of vegan items.
4 ||| My husbands first time.  Nice to be able to pick your fish and style of cooking.  I had a trio of Jamaican jerk tilapia,  salmon,  and scallops.  All good but too much sauce on scallops.  Husband had surf n turf special. Snow crab legs tasty but smaller portion than I expected. Glad they had raw oysters,  but no idea where they were from.  For $2.50 each you'd think they'd say.  Waitstaff friendly but inexperienced when it came to wine.  We taught two of them how to open a champagne bottle.  Nice time out,  but two gripes... #1 Used my phones flashlight to see if there was an outlet on the floor.  Felt like an archaeologist finding old remains of dinners gone by.  Crumbs,  napkins wedged between booth and wall,  gum,  dirt.  For the price I would expect a cleaner place. #2 our waiter kept saying Thank you. After every single sentence,  even when it wasn't appropriate.  Silly gripe,  right?  But it was way over the top and felt more like,  Can I have a tip?  Can I have a tip?
4 ||| In the Homestead area of Pittsburgh. Seafood gumbo was very good.. Broiled scallops were very good, partner had sea bass stuffed with lobster, also very good. Vegetable sides were not as good as the fish. With two glasses of wine the total was $83. In and out in an hour.. I'd go back because the fish was that good
4 ||| Good. One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Went yesterday with family and enjoyed oysters(very fresh). I always like appetizers more than their entrees
4 ||| I hadn't been shopping at Old Navy for at least a year or two. Recently, a friend of mine told me that she loved their new Fall/Holiday collection, so I popped by based on her recommendation. I absolutely love their winter outerwear! They have a lot of beautiful coats this year for amazing prices, and I just had to pick up two (only $70 for both with their current sale).. . Outside of their current product, I was impressed by the size of the store, which seems a bit larger than average. Though it is a lot of square footage to cover, I was not impressed by their sales floor customer service. Yes, it's Old Navy, but I shopped in this store three times over the past week and did not have anyone come up to me while wandering around the outerwear. However, the woman that assisted me in the fitting room had a great attitude, and I really enjoyed interacting with her.. . Overall, a four star Old Navy experience... If they could work on their customer service skills on the sales floor, I'd give them a five!
1 ||| Very bad purchase experience. I bought a shirt with a hole covered in the rolled up sleeves, but they denied my request to return it. I am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore.
2 ||| After further consideration, this store does not deserve a 4 star review. The Old Navy product has been pretty weak recently, which isn't the store's fault, but the severe lack of customer service doesn't help the situation. . . While shopping here on Friday, I was one of maybe 3-5 people in the store. I would practically walk into a sales associate but not even receive a glance or smile. No one working here seems to give an iota whether or not product is being sold. To avoid inconveniencing the associates, I will be taking my Old Navy purchases online in the future.
3 ||| It's just like Old Navy anywhere - well maybe not the one in San Francisco, which is always packed - it ws pre Thanksgiving, so quiet before the storm on Black Friday.  . . I picked up my one and only bargain of the weekend - a $2.45 pair of flip flops (it was preparing to snow outside).
5 ||| This store is laid out better than any other Old Navy I've been to before.  It was so easy to quickly find everything we were looking for.  The staff was also very friendly.. If only all Old Navy stores were like this one...
3 ||| I'm not too impressed with this particular Dick's Sporting Goods. It is in a great location in the Waterfront, but the selection seems a bit limited to me. They have what you need, but they don't have many options it seems.. . I went in there the other day and it looks like they also have a snowboarding section now, which they definitely did not have last season. They also have hunting, golfing and biking, in addition to the other regular deptartments. . . Your normal Dick's. Nothing spectacular, but it will do.
2 ||| I don't see to many options in Pittsburgh for sporting goods. Dick's seems to be the big chain for sporting paraphernalia in this neck of the woods. Their selection is poor especially in the snowboarding and biking section. Maybe it's good for small children who want their first snowboard? It is a very average store with average products. I would like to see some attempt to carry more high end products. I am not into fishing or hunting live prey so I am not sure about these departments? I guess if you want some Under Armor products then this is the place to go because I see aisles upon endless aisles of these types of products.
2 ||| I enter every sporting goods stores as a soccer player, runner, and sports fan, so my reviews will always be skewed towards those particular areas. With that said, this is probably the worst Dick's location that I've ever been to. The selection is very limited for soccer gear, which must be a testament to the lack of the local customer base seeking out soccer gear. It's mostly low-end youth gear, too, which makes it nearly useless to adults or even some teenage soccer players.. . The staff at this location has always been really nice, though, and it's the closest location to where we live, so I still end up going there quite a bit for running and clothing needs (of course, we usually leave empty-handed as they don't have what we're looking for). . . They do have quite an extensive fan gear section if you're looking to support the local Pittsburgh teams, but this store just doesn't have the overall inventory necessary to be considered a "good" Dick's location.
3 ||| It is now a shop and save.
3 ||| living alone I love the 5 for $20 deals they have on meat. I also love Faygo products when I have a party or bbq so their sales are always right on time. They don't have as many stores in the area but they are worth checking out. The lines are a lot shorter and the staff is a lot friendlier.
3 ||| This store has changed hands many times over the past few years and it shows. Fifteen years ago if you didn't get there by 9am you would have fight a crowd. Now it never seems all that busy. Many of the store's best and dedicated employees left or were let go (about five years ago) and product lines change with each new owner. The most recent owner seems to be improving the store and employee turnover has seemed to slow.
1 ||| A group of us traveld here to go kenneywood park across the road but we decided not to after what we drove throuhg to get there so we atleast decided to get somthing to eat and man where we happey to get out alive. We where the only normal people in this place. The kids next to us who where only 14 where bragging and saying that they went to jail 2 times in their life. You had people selling their food outsdie the resturant. after seeing that we quickly left and hid in our cars with the doors locked. While we where in there my friend got hit on by 2 girls and they gave him there numbers while the other young guy across the table yeld dont do it dont do it. Must I say more? bottom line is dont go if you are normal and get the hell out of that area cause if you call a shank a happey meal toy then that is the resturant for you.
1 ||| By far the worst McDonald's in the world.  Employees are to busy playing grab ass behind the counter, to get your order correct.  Ninety percent of the time you receive the wrong order, after waiting what seems an eternity.  I've even enjoyed the experience of going through the drive thru, only to get home and find no beef patties on my Big Mac.  Save yourself the aggravation, and do not go here.
1 ||| You know it's bad when a McDonald's gets a 1 star review...I mean, seriously: none of us expect anything fancy when we go to a McDonald's. The whole point of going to McDonald's is indulging in some not-good-for-you food on the go in your busy life. In my case, I just wanted a small meal/snack that wouldn't cost me as much as the stuff in Kennywood would. I hadn't even eaten at a McDonald's in about eight years or so. And I quickly remembered why!. . Forget the fact that McDonald's food isn't great. We all know it's not great. The problem here is that they added insult to injury by giving you the worst customer service ever in addition to not so good food. For starters, I quickly discovered that the drive-thru here is the ABSOLUTE slowest line on planet Earth. You certainly won't be getting any fast food here! Then, once I FINALLY placed my order, and finally got to the window to pay (because of course I spent a lot of time waiting for the people in front of me to even get their orders), a young woman took my card, swiped it...and didn't say another word. I waited thinking she was printing a receipt - nope! Eventually - after whipping out her phone and sending a text or two - she realized I was still there and told me to go to the next window for my food. Whatever, I figured, forget the receipt; by then I was pretty sure she had moved on to other orders and couldn't print my receipt anyway. On to the next window, where I was given my food and drink...and I proceeded to quickly discover they gave me no straw and for some reason, layered my Big Mac as such: bread, bread, patty, patty, bread. ...seriously, how does one even mess that up? I give one brownie point because the fries really were actually pretty good...but they were not worth the wait or trouble.. . I concur with the other reviewers: skip this place. Completely. Just keep driving. Anywhere else is better and less of a waste of your time and money, and the people here are so slow that you'll spend more time waiting for your food then you will eating it.
1 ||| By far the absolute worst Mcdonalds in the. World. You can pretty much rest assured that, after your long wait in the drive thru, your order will most definitely be wrong.  Calls to the owner go ignored. Rice Enterprises own a majority of the McDonalds in the South Hills.  They have all gone down hill in quality, service and cleanliness.  The owner has to be the problem.
4 ||| Underated and ignored!  if you see this ol time pizzaria near Kennywood stop on by good crust nice and buttery in the sicilian style!  Better then DiSallas  the only thing I can say that is better then Latinas is Mineo's !  they say the best pizzarias are the little holes in the wall type places and this is one of those enviroments!  Small and cozy very nice and relaxing afternoon!  To just enjoy with yourself and a friend!
4 ||| I have to admit, the first time I hate here, I absolutely hated the pizza. And I think it was because I was expecting something completely different than I got. Latina Pizza is very different from most pizza shops. Instead if a round thin crust pizza, this pizza is square, thick, and doughy. The crust is not really that good, but that is not why you get a pizza here. It's the homemade sauce. And that it is a family owned place that is  really pretty inexpensive. . . The other nice thing about this shop is that it is right next to Kennywood. So usually around dinnertime we leave the park and walk over here to order some pizzas and drinks. No lines, no waiting for tables, no outrageous prices. It's a time to recharge, and sometimes we feel like going back to the park,  other times we decide to go home.
4 ||| Good pizza at a great price. The unique crust that's both crispy and airy is probably not for everybody, but our whole group liked it. The sauce is good too, light but with a good tomato flavor. . . The best thing about this place is the management. They went out of their way for our group of seven and the food was out fast. And the prices: we fed everybody in under $40, with plenty of leftovers taken home.
5 ||| This is the best bike store I've walked into.  Their primary focus is on racing bikes, but (as I'm not a racer) the service stays top notch in much lower price ranges.. . Got greeted by the staff, and my girlfriend and I got the luxury of absolutely no pressure as we walked around and looked at bikes.  She explained what she was looking for, and the staff explained what they had and what price range she was looking at.  I wound up talking to another person working there, and let them try to find a bike that fit.  (I'm 6'8", and as I found out, fit pretty well on an XXL Scott 65cm frame.). . Anyways, back to my girlfriend's experience.  What impressed me was after they had a bike they thought was a winner, they let her go on a test ride around the neighborhood there.  And then when she came back in two minutes, told her that wasn't ideal, and sent her back out, with instructions to take the second left and try it on a hill.  After she figured out yes, that was the bike, the guy spent at least half an hour fitting the bike to her; he wound up switching out the stem, adding a seat with a little more travel, and getting everything just so.  There was no hurry.  There was no pressure.. . The amount of interest that the staff showed in getting each person the just-so fit gets five stars; if you want a bike that fits, it's worth it to browse here.. . And, update: I went out the other day, and asked for a price on a bike costing about 25% of the bike I tooled around on there two weeks ago.  Without batting an eye, and without a hint of bike snobbery, the owner ran off to figure out what it'd cost me.  I talked to him about the differences between a double and triple, and he spent twenty minutes explaining the pros and cons, and gave a strong suggestion on the double.  . . That said, the price he quoted me was also 10% under the price quoted by another shop on the same exact bike.  I asked for the price of an upgrade to a single part on the new bike, and he quoted me about half the price I expected from doing research on the internet.  . . Customer-friendly, well priced, super-high-quality bicycles.  A+++.. . . Edit, 4 years later: . . Glen, Beth, and the rest of the crew here are still there, and still awesome.  My girlfriend is now my wife.  My lowend Trek road bike now has more miles on it.  :-). . It's still a much longer drive to get to Big Bang, but for any work on my bike, I'm glad to make the drive.  Friends have terrific luck with Pittsburgh Pro, which is nearer,  and I'll occasionally stop there on a ride; that said, for drop-off-the-bike work, Big Bang is my absolute go-to.
5 ||| This is the best experience I've had at a bike store in the Pittsburgh area.  I have been shopping around for a couple months for a new road bike (which was going to be my first road bike ever, meaning that I'm fairly clueless about how to pick one out).  Also, since I'm a student, I don't have particularly deep pockets.. . At Big Bang, I was greeted basically the moment I walked in the door.  I'm kind of shy when I know that I don't really know what I'm doing, but I wasn't pressured or harassed in any way by the staff.  Even though my price range was pretty low, they still tried their hardest to find a bike that suited my needs, and they found a bike that fitted me perfectly (and gave me an *excellent* deal on the price).  They take a lot of care to make sure you're properly fitted to the bike.. . Also, this is one of the few bike stores I've been to where test riding is gleefully encouraged, rather than grudgingly allowed.  Definitely it's the only bike store where they'll tell you "You haven't tried it out enough, go climb up the hill on  it!" -- they definitely put the emphasis on matching rider with bike, rather than making a quick sale.. . I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who's looking for a road bike, whether they're a seasoned racer or a neophyte rider like me.
3 ||| I've had mixed results here. I would definitely recommend if buying a new bike, but have had much less success with items/parts I've ordered or with repairs.
2 ||| When I think BBB... I think the days of simply bringing your bike in for a quick and relatively inexpensive tune-up and a few fixes are long gone.    . . This review is more for the repair end of BBB. In their defense BBB does appear to carry some amazing brands of bike (ie Colnago) that you just don't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh. . . At BBB I was charged $250 for a tune up and a few other things. Granted this included installing a sew up tire (which I can understand would cost approx $50), Swapping out a left side (big ring) shifter on my down tube (this should have cost approx. $20 at most) and installing new bar tape (cost of tape $20 and $20 to install?).. SO WHAT"S WITH $140 FOR A TUNE UP? Well the story goes like this:. . I bring the bike into BBB prior to the nice weather hitting Pittsburgh in hopes of trying what people have said is a great bike shop and getting my OCLV TREK 5900 ready for the season. Turns out I don't hear from these guys. A week goes by ...two weeks...I think that's ok I have two or three other bike I can turn to for a ride. Then I wind up going out of town for a week thinking for sure I'll get a call from them re: my bike is ready to roll...but no dice. So I call. Turns out a screw snapped when the mechanic was re-installing the down tube shifter and it had to be tapped out (is that my fault?). He says "Should be ready in a few days". So I come in a few days later to this mammoth bill. I ask if I am paying for the labor of taping out the screw? I don't think I ever got a straight answer? I look at the bill and can't see a good breakdown of the charges. Normally I would "duke it over" a bill like this but I figured...I had somewhere I to be 10 minutes ago and at least I finally have my bike. I would expect that for that money my bike could have been stripped down to the frame and totally gone over (overhauled). But it wasn't.  Well BBB I'll give you a star because the mechanic did do a good job in that my cycle shifts well and the tape job on the bars looks great (nice wrap). Plus I'll toss in a star for your outstanding selection of high end cycles. Maybe I would have rated BBB higher if I was in the market for a purchase instead of a simple repair?
5 ||| I wrote this review right after I had bought my bike.  I would like to update to reflect further experiences I've had with BBB.. . So, first of all, one of the shifters on my bike turned out to be defective (not super-unusual for the Shimano short-reach shifters, also totally not the shop's fault -- these things happen).  Since it was covered under warranty, BBB switched it out for a new set of shifters, at no cost to me.  I had my bike back in a couple days, no muss no fuss.. . My husband got a used road bike from Craigslist, and we brought it in for a tuneup.  The bike had several things wrong with it, due to a shoddy assembly job, and BBB basically took the entire bike apart and rebuilt it, cleaning it and replacing various worn-out bits.  I can't remember the total cost of this, but it was under $100.. . I would totally recommend BBB, due to their general awesomeness.  I haven't had any of the tuneup-related woes that other people have had with this shop, even when bringing in a bike that I haven't bought there.
5 ||| I created an account just to review this shop, it's that awesome.. . This is by far the premier shop in all of western PA, and arguably the state. . . Glenn the shop owner is one of the most knowledgeable men in the U.S. when it comes to cycling.  Having spent time in Europe, and with some of the biggest names in the industry, he truly knows what he's talking about.. . Furthermore; he's a pleasure to talk to, incredibly friendly and passionate as anything about the sport.  As for bike fitting, this is the only shop I would go to, Glenn's knowledge and background can't be competed with, and he is incredibly thorough.. . Yes, they equipment is expensive, but that's a result of the quality they carry..not them setting prices high. Cycling is expensive, end of story. . . If you're looking to pick up your next huffy, go to walmart. If you want a quality bike that is going to fit you, and operate perfectly: go to big bang.
2 ||| Bought a bike there on my second time in the shop.   Glen is very knowledgeable but can be a bit overwhelming, annoying and pushy, I can see how he can be very helpful to the average Joe, but if you are in his shop you should have done your homework, as this place is not walmart, mid to high level product here. I would encourage getting fitted and even buying a bike there, but going back for service is a whole different story.  Same day service is unheard of here, even for the simplest of adjustments, no service is available at all on the weekends.  the first time I took a bike there to have a rear derailer hanger replaced and re-adjusted (I had already purchased and had the hanger) 11 days went by before I returned to pick my bike up after not being called.  I figured it was just a fluke experience and gave them the benefit of the doubt.  The second time. I took a bike in to have a damaged shift lever replaced with a new 7800 pair. I called after 9 days and they said it wold be 2 days more.  when I showed up 2 days later it still wasn't done, it took 2 more following that, 13 days total.  Stay away from their service department
5 ||| When you walk out of Big Bang Bikes you know you are buying a bike that fits YOU!  Glenn is amazing and he will help you reach your specific goals!  He has amazing passion and knowledge to make you more efficient and comfortable.  The best bike shop...by far.  Great prices and service.  We live in the north and won't hesitate to make the extra drive for anything bike related.
5 ||| Great customer service!!!
5 ||| I've got to be honest, I don't think I've ever been as blown away by customer service as I was here. I went in about half an hour before closing, was not rushed at all. I basically just walked in and said I was interested in a road bike but knew very little about them (I'm a MTBr). I was helped by Glenn, who, within two minutes, had me sitting on a bike, measuring me and adjusting things, and explaining the physics behind positioning and angles and the difference between the male and female physique on a road bike. At no point did he try to upsell anything (in fact, he didn't even ask me about a budget). He just gave me a few things to think about before I invest in something new. He was very obviously focused on getting me the product that will give me the most efficiency and power for my needs. So very impressed...this is absolutely where I will be buying my bike.
5 ||| If you're in the market for a high quality bike, whether it be road, mountain, racing, or hybrid, go to see Glenn at BBB.  It's very clear that he loves his shop and his job.  I explained my needs and preferences to him and he quickly fitted me with a bike that suited my needs.   I actually bought my Trek 7300 over 3 years ago and I absolutely love it!  He sells only the highest quality bikes and equipment.  Highly recommended.
5 ||| Big Bang Bicycles is phenomenal! Amazing selection and service! I live in the San Francisco, Bay Area with plenty of premium bicycle shops available, but I do most of my cycling shopping at Big Bang Bicycles when I visit family in Pittsburgh. This shop carries top gear and has in stock tons of options so you can see, feel and evaluate them first hand to know what's going to give you the best feel and performance. Glenn, the owner, is very knowledgeable, friendly and you can feel his passion for cycling and making sure you get the right product and fit for you.  Even if you're not in the Pittsburgh area but you know what you want -- send your order to Big Bang Bicycles and I'm certain you'll have a great experience. Awesome shop! Thank you Glenn and team!
5 ||| What, you haven't been to Bellisario's yet? This is about the only red sauce pizza I ever get a craving for, and boy howdy is it good. The crust is on the thin side and ever so crisp on the bottom, while still having enough dough on the edge to provide a nice chewy bit at the end of your slice. The dough itself is flavorful, not too... well, doughy. The sauce is great, and they don't drown the pizza in it. There's just enough cheese; not so much it's an overwhelming grease slick and not so little you can't tell it's there. If you can go while Mama's working, all the better.. . You can eat in here; they have four or five booths and generations worth of family photos on the walls. Two of us split a small (8-cut) pizza with one topping ($9) and with our two cans of pop we were out for $10. You can't beat that. And I'd put Bellisario's pizza up against any in the city.. . I grew up a five minute walk away. My mom loved Bellisario's and I have a lot of fond memories of walking through the alley to pick up a cheese pizza to bring home, my mom being too dollar-conscious to pay for delivery when there were perfectly able-bodied children around to go pick it up. Every time I have a slice, it brings back great memories. But I've had outside confirmation that it really is as awesome as I think it is.. . It's a little divey, stuck in the back of an old shopping plaza, but it's perfect. If you're in West Mifflin (say, going to Kennywood), drive over and eat a pizza. They've also got hoagies and calzones, and I think that's about it. But with pizza this good, who cares?
2 ||| Okay so I just moved to the outskirts of Duquesne, PA which is outside of Pittsburgh from Harrisburg, PA of all places. Where I am at, really there is no delivery but these guys did. They were nice and cordial and cheap but I have been spoiled by the pizza shop in Harrisburg, Downtown, run my an old world Italian guy named Luigi. That pizza is/was MILES better than this. This crust, while thin, did not have flavor and was hard. The slices were small for their 8 slice which I did like. The cheese was good. The sauce was meh. I've definitely had way better. 2 stars for being cheap and delivering.
3 ||| Good pizza and i love the breadsticks...i don't know too much else about this place
2 ||| Pizza is very hit or miss. When the owners are there, it's really good. When they aren't, you get pizza that is over cooked (more like burnt) and LONG delivery times. The pizza, even when plain, is very greasy. Way more than other places around. Usually pizza that greasy is caused by low quality cheese. Also they do not take credit or debit cards. There are better options.
5 ||| I have been looking for 3 years for good crab rangoon - I finally found it!!!  We had boneless ribs that were absolutely wonderful.  Definitely going back!!!
5 ||| Best menu best food in Pittsburgh! Thank goodness I only live 5 min away!
5 ||| Ok this is my first yelp review, I never left any reviews for other restaurants, but I am writing it because I want others to know about this place more.. . Restaurant run by family. very friendly, clean cooking environment, and Great food. I would come to this place again and again whenever I visit Pittsburgh.. . Its less than 10min drive from Kennywood, if you are visiting Kennywood you should definitely try this place.
4 ||| Love this place. Run by family. Best General Tso's around. And when I walk in they call me Mr. Spicy!
4 ||| Using an app I found for thrift-aholics thanks to my friend, Yvette, we came across American Thrift Center out in West Mifflin on one of our all day thrift excursions. This store is a little out of the way if you're not from this area, and you may feel you're getting a little lost since you end up driving in a more rural looking area until you get to the plaza where it's located. It has lots of parking in a private lot and trust me the outside is no indication of how big it is inside. . . This store has so much stuff packed into a fairly large space. The clothing selection and shoe selection is the real gem here. I love knick knacks as much as the next person, but eventually I'm going to need to pick up a new dress or jeans to cut into shorts.. . The place wasn't packed, which is a nice surprise for weekend day at a big thrift store. The clothes were organized well and the prices were low. There was one thing though that sort of bugged me... It's not that I LIKE the smell of thrifted clothes, but I feel like anyone who thrifts knows what smell I'm talking about. This place does not use whatever it is that makes the clothes smell like that. I imagine it's some sort of disinfectant spray. You would think it would be a good thing, but what it meant is that the cute summery dress I found smelled like cat pee and cigarette smoke. No thanks.. . My only complaints about American Thrift would be an outrageous $20 minimum for cards. . . Two women working one register together that we're the least friendly store employees I've encountered since 16 yr olds who hate their lives.. . No dressing rooms. I don't know what this theme is with thrift stores not having them, but I'm getting really good at changing pants in the middle of an isle without flashing my bits to everyone.. . Not enough to keep me from coming back, but as far as I'm concerned this is a cash only place from this point forward.
5 ||| Great food, service and prices. It's in a not so great part of town, but lock your doors and it's definitely worth it. Best baked goods in the area! Try the almond torte!!
5 ||| Thanks to Darren's sis Jessica, we had some excellent cookies for our housewarming party. I liked ths sugar cookies with the jimmies best and the half-dipped chocolate chips, but they were all good. It's too bad about the area in which it is though.
5 ||| Came here from PGH for the first time.  This bakery is legit.  I bought some Rye bread and Italian 5 grain.  Delicious.  A strange snickerdoodle thing with pink frosting.  Delicious. Chocolate chip cookie dipped in chocolate, extra chewy and humongous.  Delicious.. . And a sweet old lady serving em up.. . The best.. . Delicious.
5 ||| Absolutely the best bakery I've been in ever! The cookies are delicious. The nut rolls. & coffee cakes are heaven. Put on your bucket list to eat an almond torte. It is extremely memorable. I will dream about Minerva's delicacies until I return to visit the Burgh again. Btw - the staff is the best.
5 ||| It sounds crazy to drive to Mckeesport for a cookie but Minerva is the BEST! Cookies and pies are incredible. Cakes are lovely and the pastries are worth the workout to get rid of them. . . They have a wide selection and now take credit cards. Its worth calling ahead on the holidays. This is not the Giant Eagle, sometimes they sell out.
4 ||| This is my favorite bakery. I always get great service and have never been disappointed with anything. Their toasted almond torte is to die for. I AM ALWAYS POLITE TO THEM, MAYBE THAT'S WHY I GET GREAT SERVICE!
5 ||| You have never had a pierogie until you've driven out to McKees Rocks and picked up a dozen or so from Pierogies Plus. Made primarily by Polish and Ukranian immigrants, these are probably the most authentic/delicious pierogies you can buy in the states. . . If the only pierogies you've ever had were the frozen Mrs. T's you got at Giant Eagle, do yourself a favor and check Pierogies Plus out.
5 ||| In Pittsburgh, there IS no other place to get pierogies. Everything is made by hand, fresh every day. And the mix of languages while you wait is a real treat! There are over 30 kinds of pierogies and now that they have expanded, there are a variety of salads and some desserts available too. Don't forget about the haluski and stuffed cabbage! They've been on the Food Network with Bobby Flay, Food Finds, Dave & Dave from WQED, and in numerous newspaper articles. You won't find anything more authentic or delicious as this place. And they ship too!
5 ||| Years after the first reviewer came here, the quality is still great and deserving of more than 5 stars.. . The people who work here and run this place are super friendly and really know their craft. The main owner took my order once and gave me some tips on how to cook the frozen pierogies at home. They turned out ok, but not as good as getting them fresh from the store. . . It can be a bit of a drive from anywhere that's not McKees Rocks (Google Maps takes you through the hood) but it's worth it.
5 ||| These are the best pierogies EVER!  My favorite is the jalapeno pierogie, which is not that spicy, but has excellent flavor.  It is such a treat to get these when I'm back in town!
5 ||| Love butter? Then get thee to Pierogies Plus.. . I live in St. Louis, and it seems like the only pierogi I can find are in my grocer's freezer. Oh, but when I go home to Pittsburgh, I can have as much of the chewy, flavorful, buttery goodness as I desire from Pierogies Plus.. . The place still looks like an old service station with a tiny building and a roof over an old gas pump island. Inside, though, magical elves... uh... I mean fabulous Polish women... create deliciousness with love -- and butter. Have I mentioned that butter is a part of the deal? Because it totally is. You really should fast for two days before picking up pierogi from here.. . Oh, but you'll be happy you did. I'm vegetarian, so I only order meat-free pierogi. I'm in love with the saurkraut and the cheese varieties. When you pick up a hot order, you'll get your pierogi covered in with rich butter and sauteed onions. No, I'm serious -- the pierogi are SWIMMING in butter. It's the best thing ever. Everything is packed inside a styrofoam container and a plastic bag, because butter WILL spill out.. . You also can order cold or frozen pierogi if you plan to, say, lug them to the middle of the country to enjoy in a far-off city.. . Besides many varieties of pierogi, you also can get things from the deli cases. Last time, I had some apricot blintzes, a latke and some type of apple turnover thingy. I really hope Pierogies Plus has the blintzes when I visit next.. . Awesome thing: Pierogies Plus usually has coupons in the Entertainment Book. My best friend and I steal all of the coupons from our families so that I can get a steady stream of discounted Polish goodness each time I visit.. . The only downside is that Pierogies Plus often closes for several days around holidays. I totally understand it -- family time is important! -- but that often coincides with my visits (I head east around the holidays mainly because I get an extra day with the fam without having to take another vacation day). I've learned to plan my trips around the Pierogies Plus schedule, though, because I MUST have yummy goodness. A pierogi-less Allison is a cranky Allison.
5 ||| These pierogies are one of my favorite things in the world. They're freakin' amazing. The potato and jalapeno ones are my favorite. And I definitely think it's worth it to drive all the way out to McKees Rocks to get them. I like to get them frozen, and bring them home and smother them in butter.
4 ||| I was planning to attend a conference in Pittsburgh and was researching food joints that I wanted to check out. A friend of mine insisted that I go to Pierogies Plus telling me that the food was so good that ever since he went that he has had pierogies mail-ordered to his house each year. While I have never been a huge fan of pierogies, I figured that I should heed my friends advice since he generally steers me to places I enjoy. Let's just say in this case, he hit the ball out of the park.. . I actually wound up going to Pierogies Plus straight from the airport. After getting in a rental car and plugging in my GPS, imagine my surprise when my GPS announced "You have reached your destination." and I found myself sitting outside what appeared to be an old service station. When I walked inside and up to the counter, I found a crew of Polish women rocking out every kind of Pierogi imaginable. I was overwhelmed by the sheer volume of choices.. . Wanting to try everything, I wound up going with their Sampler Platter #1 which was a small haluski (a noodle and cabbage mixture), a stuffed cabbage, and four pierogi ( I wound up going with a potato with bacon, potato with cheese, potato with jalapeno, and potato with meat). The food was outrageously good. I'm actually salivating just thinking back on the meal. The stuffed cabbage was not marred by the typical dryness that can afflict that dish and was perfectly sauced. The haluski, a dish I had never heard of, was amazing.. . While I can't expect everyone to make their way to Pittsburgh solely to go to Pierogies Plus, do yourself a favor and order some. Those wonderful ladies deserve your business. Your belly will appreciate it!
5 ||| Little ladies, sitting in the back of a renovated gas station perched precariously at the top of a hill, making pierogies and cooking them to perfection in butter and onions... it almost sounds like a strange Pittsburgher fairy tale, but this is no tale - the finest pierogies I've ever eaten emerge from the back of that gas station, and my Polish girlfriend even confirmed that these are better than some of her family's goods.. . While in line I met folks from Rhode Island, Kentucky, and North Carolina, who all had come to McKees Rocks in their rental cars straight from the airport before even going to see their families - that is dedication and commitment to some seriously delicious pierogies. After enjoying a dozen of these filling, savory, perfect pierogies, I think once I move away from here I will be making that same trip to Pierogies Plus myself.
1 ||| Well for my first time here I was way less than impressed. The lady at the front counter was a crab and  the Pierogies really weren't that great. Rather than be kind and answering my questions I settled with the potato and cheese pierogies. I guess Bloomfield Bridge tavern or Mrs. T's is still my go to place. And plus this place is way out of my way to be treated poorly. I wouldn't go back
5 ||| My coworkers and I left our office in Crafton, headed for Pierogies Plus. The journey there took us past bizarre, abandoned-looking buildings, and roads that suddenly ended in cement blockades. The area is prime for use as the setting of a slasher flick. . . BUT, the weird drive is totally worth it. Pierogies Plus is so legit. . . The setting is reminiscent of Seinfeld's 'Soup Nazi': tiny interior, people standing in line shoulder-to-shoulder, and a lady behind the counter brusquely taking orders. Oh, and make sure you order your 'rogies "hot" if you're planning on eating them soon! Otherwise, you get 'em frozen. (There's a slight up-charge for the hot ones, btw -- electricity ain't free!) . . They were out of the plain potato and the potato and cheese varieties when we were there, so I had the platter with pierogies and kielbasa. I opted for the sauerkraut pierogies, and they were SO good! The interior was filled with sauerkraut mixed with potatoes, as opposed to many other sauerkraut pierogies I've had that were filled with only kraut. I definitely prefer the potato/kraut mix! They were also drowning in butter and onions. Like, serious, serious butter - Paula Deen has nothin' on these ladies' butter usage. The kielbasa was awesome, too! I also sampled their haluski and it was the best I've ever had. Tons o' butter, seasoned with generous amounts of salt 'n' pepper, and there was quite a bit of sautéed onions in the mix, which added even more flavor. . . A few things to note: They have coupons you can print out on their website, but you must cut them out if you're gonna bring 'em in and use them! You cannot just hand them the whole piece of paper. If you want to order a special variety, they need 2 days advance notice (check their site to see what the 'special' ones are). They do accept credit cards, with a $10 min. Yes, some of the ladies are not the friendliest, but the food is so good, they can be like that, and you'll still come back for more!  And, parking is quite limited there. Pretty sure the building is a converted service station. :). . All in all, these pierogies are some of the best I've ever had, and I will definitely be back very soon!
5 ||| Update: Get. The. Italian. Sausage. Pierogies. Holy crap. It will change your freaking life!
5 ||| As a skeptical out of towner, I was pretty wary after the hotel bellhop suggested this off the beaten path place. However this place far exceeded my expectations. We bought an assorted dozen of pierogies and they were all delicious (my favorites being the jalapeños pierogi and the bacon/potato pierogi).  A great find and an excellent place for someone out of town to try out pierogies!
4 ||| Some great pierogies are expertly handmade with "tender loving care," here in this once-was-a-gas-station. Quality, I tell you. They're definitely worthy of a pierogi pilgrimage. . . Order them hot if you want them right then and there because these nice ladies also sell them cold to take home too. . . Hot and buttery, buttery, buttery, and covered in sauteed onions is how you'll get them. So good. We shared the potato and cheese, potato and sauerkraut, and hot sausage varieties. Delicious, them all.
5 ||| Best pierogies in tahn!  . . I usually just go with the standard potato and cheese but I've also tried a few of the other pierogies and some of the plus.  These pierogies can't be beat.  Made by hand with love in the traditional old world style, I have yet to find better.. . It's amazing to get there at 10:55am, 5 minutes before they open and see the mad rush of people getting pierogies.  By 11am, the line is already out the door.  Always a good sign.  They serve their pierogies hot, cold or frozen.  I always go with the hot because nothing beats pierogies bathing in butter and onions.  And here at Pierogies Plus, they are definitely worth the wait.
5 ||| Just finished a dinner of pierogies that our Pgh family brought to WV - always look forward to Pierogies Plus - try the apricot for a sweet treet!
5 ||| Apricot with cream cheese, who would have thought...love this place, love it so much.  Print the 10% off coupon on their website before going in.   Make sure u print it out, they will not accept it other wise.
5 ||| This place has some amazing homemade pierogies! I had never eaten anything besides the usual Mrs. T.'s potato types and boy, was I missing out! We stopped one night and got a some potato/cheddar and some sauerkraut/potato. You can buy them hot or take them home cold. There is a small table outside to eat, but only standing room to order inside.. . They had special order pierogies that sounded amazing, but they suggest a 2 day advance order for those. They said sometimes they will have leftover specialty ones for sale, but it all depends on the day. . . They also have haluski, stuffed cabbage and other things that I am looking forward to trying next time.
5 ||| This little former gas station makes some incredibly delicious pierogies. Order ahead for big holidays - we order several dozen every year for Easter and the take out line stretches out the door all day on Good Friday. I particularly like the apricot and cream cheese and the prune varieties. Potato and cheddar are great, too, of course!
5 ||| WARNING: ADDICTING POTATOE VERSION OF CRACK -----CHEAP, frozen, cold or hot.  PARKING SUCKS on busy route 51 mckees rocks only enough room for approx 6-8 cars. SUPER BUSY best time to come is between 1pm-4pm------g8 food.  Outside in good weather there is a couple little tables to sit at., but not during the winter/early spring.  MOST CUSTOMERS ARE TO GO TAKE HOME . hours monday 11-6, tues-friday 11-7 -----   closed sat/sun
5 ||| Yummy! I've never tried Polish food aside from a sausage. I have to say it was really good. The ladies that worked there were very nice. The only down side it took a while to get my food. I think it's made to order. Regardless, when I received my food it was streaming hot. Let's just say for me it was worth the wait.
5 ||| Best pierogies I've ever had.  And, seeing as how I'm from Pittsburgh.... that's a lot.  The apricot and cream cheese pierogies are amazing!!!  GO.
4 ||| Good pierogies, but after also having Szmidts in Greenfield recently, this place takes the backseat. Its also out of the way for me. However, if I ever happen to be in McKees Rocks, Ill make sure to keep this spot in mind.
1 ||| I was very disappointed in the quality of the pierogies and the haluski at Pierogies Plus.  I ordered them hot and I purchased enough so that I could have leftovers the next day.  When I got home and opened the containers, something smelled odd.  When I started to eat, it tasted just as odd.  As it turns out, what is referred to as 'butter sauce' is a misrepresentation of what it really is-----margarine, which I eliminated from my diet years ago because of the trans fats and the fact that any way you cut it, butter makes for a better product.  Sorry Allison B, ain't no butter here.  Margarine is used as a cost-cutting measure, and it just can't measure up.  I rinsed off the peirogies and browned them in some butter and my own onions.   The haluski got thrown away.  For the prices being charged for these products, the proprietor can well-afford to use butter.
3 ||| Decent pierogies but not the best I've had. I've eaten @ Pierogies Plus two times. Both times I got the potato & cheese pierogies. They are good however they come in WAY too much butter/oil. They are probably soaked in at least a half a cup or more of butter/oil. When I get them I have to take them out of all the butter/oil b/c it would make me completely sick if I ate them as is. Other than that the pierogies themselves are decent. . However, they are pretty pricey. About $12 for 1 dozen. . Recommend eating here if you're passing through or nearby but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4 ||| Have been here two times after stopping at Mancini's Bakery. Have only had the Hamburger/Cheese/Bacon w/ fries but huge portions and great price. Great Quality also. Server is really nice also. Will be eating here again. Heard the Breakfast items are also great. Saw the waffles and pancakes....were huge!
4 ||| Marges is tucked away in the delightful Pittsburgh neighborhood of Mckees Rocks. This place reminds me half of a diner from the 1950's, and half my grandmas kitchen.. . The seating room is accommodation, the service prompt and courteous.The prices are fantastic and so is the food.. . I had a grilled hodge podge combination of hot/sweet sausage, potatoes, eggs, and peppers all on one dish for 9.50. It was excellent. Ladies and Gents, I can put food away  like a champ and I still had leftovers.. . My friend had a succulent, buttery French Toast. Simple, but they nailed it.. . I would return.
5 ||| On a random Sunday morning I went in search of a good breakfast spot.  I decided to explore the McKees Rocks neighborhood and came upon Marge's Place.  I hadn't heard much about this place, but after reading the few reviews I could find, I decided to give it a try.  . . Inside, it's bigger than I expected but still has that down home diner feel.  My guess is that most of the people there were regulars.  The wait staff was friendly to those they knew but also welcoming to me, someone they had never seen before.  I picked a table in the corner so I could observe what I imagine was a typical Sunday morning.  I ordered the breakfast special: 2 scrambled eggs with bacon, potatoes and toast.  Any place that has Mancini's Italian toast already gets thumbs up in my book.  Being in McKees Rocks, though, they really don't have a choice.  The potatoes were thin sliced with onions and very flavorful.  The only way I can think of to describe the bacon is...porkier.  Is that even a word?  I just don't know how else to descibe it.  The combination of foods was served in generous portions at a great price (under $5).  . . One random note: I liked the tables and chairs.  They were comfortable not just for sitting and enjoying a cup of coffee with my morning paper but also very comfortable for sitting and eating.  Good distance between the table and chairs.  That may sound silly, and I thought so, too, at first.  But when I go to a place and the booth is too wide or too narrow, it can hinder my enjoyment.  . . Not only will I return, but I will also recommend Marge's Place to anyone in the area.  It was a surprisingly good find.  I like places like neighborhood businesses like this where they make everyone feel like they belong.
4 ||| Great service, great food at a reasonable price!  The cheeseburger was as big as my head and delicious and the onion rings were just as good.  Our waitress was friendly, attentive and quick to refill drinks. Can't wait to go back!
4 ||| Very quaint! Stopped here for lunch while traveling for work, and I felt like I was in a diner in the 1950s. Had a grilled cheese and fries - the food was good and everyone was friendly.
5 ||| Great small town breakfast spot Highly recommend George's Mixed Grill ... Delicious
5 ||| I have live around this area all my life and My family would go here and I would always decline to go, that is until Saturday my brother asked me if I wanted to go to breakfast and I had to say yes (just posted on facebook that I wanted to go to breakfast and nobody wanted to go with me) Lets get to the review I am glad I said yes there homefries are awesome the eggs were just right. I would definitely go here again.
5 ||| I'm new to Pittsburgh so I wanted to try out all the local spots first and let me tell you... This spot is definitely worth a try! It's a cute diner with a lot of local charm. The prices are awesome and the food is even better! I had the cinnamon raisin french toast with the home fries and a coffee. All of it was really good. I'm not a complainer but I'm picky and honestly...I have nothing but good things to say about this place. I highly recommend you stop by and give it a try! You can thank me later. ;)
5 ||| Great service, friendly staff, great food, great prices. What more can you ask for in a small town breakfast place? Will definitely be back
2 ||| They do great quality work. The only reason I did not give them five stars is for their lack of customer courtesy not once but twice. I am a very patient and understanding person, but being rude twice means you dont want my business and I tipped 20%.
5 ||| This place is amazing!!! Jim is a great artist!!! Traveled all the way from Tampa just to get my tattoo!!! I would recommend this place to everyone!!!
5 ||| Got my first tattoo here in 1993 and my second a couple weeks later. All these . Years later they still look great. Haven't faded much and haven't. Had em touched up. The shop is Professional and clean, I highly . Recommend. Excellent quality work.
1 ||| ewwww
2 ||| It wasn't a busy night at the neighborhood, but you could have been fooled by how long the food took.  While it did take a while everyone was extremely friendly.  The food did come out hot, at least mine did, the rest of the plates were plate-warmer hot.  Everyone in the table resented me for "holding back" the table since they staff pointed out they were waiting on my burger.. . Which hey works as a segway onto the burger.  Quesadilla Burger.  I knew that was a mistake but I did it anyways.  The patty was sorta flavorful.  The toppings were in the bland category.  Cheese went MIA.  And the tortilla were over-toasted and tasteless.. . A big blah overall, which is sad, since we've had a grand ole time and good food in past visits.
5 ||| The 7 ounce house sirloin is the bomb! 'Nuff said.
2 ||| Called for an arrangement for pickup, told the person who took my order that I would be able to pick the arrangement up at 5:30pm.  She asked if I could get there any earlier, I said I would try my best, but I work until 5pm, so maybe not.  She said ok.  . . Comes to be 5pm and I get a call from a guy at the shop asking where I was!  The lady who took my order wrote down that I'd be there at 5pm.  I explained that I never said that and picked the arrangement up a little before 5:30pm.  . . Arrangement was just OK.  I specifically wanted a lot of orange flowers, which they did, but they added strange colors with the orange... and some of the flowers were already a little wilted.  . . Even though the location is convenient, I will probably go elsewhere for a flower order next time.
5 ||| i had a fantastic experience here. I got to the shop just before they weer about to close, but the owner was very gracious about creating an arrangement for me. The flowers were lovely. I would make a special trip just to purchase from this shop again.
2 ||| The order process went well and the delivery arrived in a timely manner. I saw a picture of the flowers my friend received and the arrangement  wasn't even close to what was pictured on the website...a lot more filler flowers despite ordering the premium arrangement. I picked this place specifically because of what they offered despite other cheaper places in the area. I am disappointed because I wanted the best arrangement possible for my friend who is going through a tough time. . . I will not order from this place again.
4 ||| Ordered delivery when staying at the Sheraton Station Square.   It wasn't super fast but wasn't unreasonable (45mins) and the pizza was so good that I ended up eating way more than I intended.  Not too greesey with a nice balance of cheese, sauce, dough, and toppings.
4 ||| They don't deliver to me anymore, moved to Lawrenceville.  However, their pizza is good, not too greasy, not too dry.  Nice balance with the sauce cheese and toppings.  They have awesome house rolls, I'm partial to the spinache and feta house rolls.  They are SO delicious.  Pretty cheap.  The delivery time is kind of long, but they are open late, and I love that.
2 ||| Meh. I've ordered from here twice and not really been enthusiastic about the results either time. Keep in mind that I haven't had pizza from this place yet!. . Their steak hoagie is middling-good; nothing to write home about, but a pretty good example of the standard Pittsburgh pizza place steak hoagie.. . The seafood calzone is another story. Something in it was so bitter I couldn't quite eat it; I'm wondering if it was the garlic or perhaps a leftover burnt taste from the oven. Whatever it was, it was gross. The shrimp weren't that good either, suffering as they did from that certain "I taste like iodine" flavor.. . The advantage to R&B is that they're open reasonably late, given the location, but the phone service is rather surly and it always takes them an hour plus to deliver. Which would be OK if I didn't live a block away (normally I'd just walk and pick it up, but just for you, Yelpers, I subject myself to the vagaries of sitting on my rear end on the couch waiting for my food to arrive).
4 ||| The pizza here is great. I always pick up a pizza when i am near Bellevue.  I have only ever eaten their pizza.
5 ||| My fiancée and I have made R&B's our Friday night dinner tradition for over a year. the food is consistently amazing, and portions are HUGE. Whether you choose to pick up or have it delivered, it's always less then 30 minutes - and can we take a second to acknowledge the staff? Always exceedingly friendly, and happy to accommodate any special requests. Sadly, we're moving out of the area in two weeks, so we won't be able to continue our tradition. But if you haven't given them a try, do it! (might I suggest the Buffalo Chicken sub and the cheese and bacon fries? epic!)
5 ||| Get the white pizza with bacon. You're life will never be the same. Never had a bad experience ordering from R&B's.
4 ||| Lots of memories from this place for me.  Their pizza may not be the best in the world but boy does it take me back to the 80's-90's and growing up in Pittsburgh.. . I am slightly disappointed that they moved to a new location in Bellevue.  Their old one, while a bit dirty and run down, had quite the charm to it.  The new place looks too clean cut and it seems like they're trying to be something they're not, which is just a good old fashioned pizza joint.
4 ||| Service was very good..calzone was excellent.
4 ||| Best pizza in the North Boros.  I can't make a trip to the area without stopping at Luigi's.  When I was a kid, the man himself actually owned the place and made the pizza, but they've since moved to a new location under new ownership...but the pizza is still just as good.  I prefer the thin-crust, but the Sicilian is also excellent.  The fried zucchini is a favorite and the mozzarella sticks are great, too.  The calzones are tasty, but may cause a coronary-- if you expect more than a handful of spinach among cheese in the spinach calzone, you'll be disappointed.  Because it's Pittsburgh, the chicken salad comes with french fries.  I tend to opt for take-out, but there is also a mid-sized dining section.
4 ||| Best all-meat pizza in the area.  Always done delivery, never eaten in the restaurant, so I can't speak to the dining experience.
4 ||| I have been eating at Luigi's since before birth (my mom loves this stuff). The new location is nice, but I miss the coziness of the old place. . The food has been consistent through the transition, which happened a long while ago by the way. Also, I have read a few other reviews that said Luigi's has left but I talk with him every time I am in. Regardless this is a great family owned pizzeria and I recommend the calzone because it is generously stuffed with ricotta :).
2 ||| I stopped by here this past Tuesday in order to pick up a to go pizza.  My fiance, a friend and I were trying pizza from three different places and Luigi's was one of them.  I have driven by Luigi's many times before and for some reason had never stopped in but that did allow it to come to mind whenever I was looking for a pizza place I had not yet tried in the Bellevue area.  Whenever I called to place my order I was told that my pizza would be ready in about 15 minutes.  I arrived closer to 30 minutes later and was immediately confused whenever I walked into the restaurant.  You see there was a large dining room on the left that was full of people and I didn't immediately see the are where I would get my pizza from.  Finally after a few steps into the restaurant I noticed that the whole back area of the restaurant was where I needed to be and I made my way back there.  My pizza was ready for me and I quickly paid and was leaving whenever the cashier told me "Stay out of trouble".  I really hope that was a friendly sentiment and not one that was based upon my appearance or anything else.  The pizza itself had a medium thick crust with a bland sauce which is weird since I could see a ton of green herbs in it.  The cheese was just ok and nothing special while the pizza itself had a slightly sour taste to it which I did not enjoy.  Out of the three different pizzas we ate that night this one was overwhelmingly our least favorite which was evidenced by the fact that 3/4 of it was left after the evening.. . The bottom line for me is that I will probably not head back to Luigi's in the future.  I just don't see myself making a trip to Luigi's between the weird experience (although not bad) that I had in the restaurant and the fact that there are much better pizza places nearby.
5 ||| Luigi's pizza is amazing! The sicilian pizza takes me back to how my grandma used to make homemade pizza. I can't wait to go back - definitely worth the 45-minute trip there :)
3 ||| Recently I've found myself patronizing Bellevue a little more, namely because I've bought a house in the area, and have been checking out some of the mom and pops along the little strip of Mayberry RFD that is the quaint main street. Luigi's is one of those little mom and pops that offers standard basic Italian in a comfortable setting. It's a little kitchy, red-white-and-green, with Dino and Frankie tunes playing in the background.. . I've stopped in on several occasions now for dinner, with various friends, and the food has been consistent...it's good...satisfying. Not over-the-top gourmet, or even in the remotest sense 'pretentious'. It's just a good ol' night out for some pasta or lasagna, with a side salad, garlic bread and conversation with your pals.. . The portions are ample, the prices are reasonable, the flavors won't knock your socks off and make you think you've died and gone to Sicily, but they won't make you cringe at having given your money to a profiteering Chef Boyardee either. The service is decent, kind of point blank, not rude, nor over the top friendly. . . The crowd can fluctuate between 'Oh my god, I'm surrounded by Hillbillies' to 'the local gathering at Mayberry', but that seems to be the norm for most places in da burgh.. . I've not had the pizza, which apparently get raves, because frankly I only think of pizza as coming in a box to my front door when I'm too lazy to do any cooking at home. But I've had three or four of the pasta dishes, and they come in a generous portion, with a side salad and an order of garlic toast. They taste fine, fill you up, and don't break your bank.. . And for a local neighborhood joint, that's exactly what I'd hope for. A place you can go to find a dependable and reasonable meal, on a semi-regular basis, in a comfortable setting, with no frills or pretense. . . And that is exactly what Luigi's is.
5 ||| Luigis is the best of the best. Awesome, authentic pepperoni. I have eaten here for years. This place is a tradition in my family and it's still as good as they were 15 years ago. They recently remodeled and have a great menu selection. By far the best pizza in Bellevue and right up there with Fioris as the best in Pittsburgh.
5 ||| My wife and I LOVE this place. Decently affordable, our server is always great and very friendly, the food is delicious and it's a nice home-y atmosphere. The first time we went here, we told the server we were newlyweds and Luigi made us tiramisu and gave it to us for free! Highly recommend.
5 ||| This place has great tasting food. I had a italian hoagie and it was great. The pizza is top notch.
3 ||| I stop by here frequently when I am on my way to work for breakfast. The drive thru is fast but they do tend to get the order wrong. But I will say that I have had more free meals here due to them comping me for all messed up orders. . . The staff is friendly.
4 ||| This is the McDonald's to end all McDonald's, in my book. Here's why:. . ~ The Drive-Thru is crazy fast.. ~ There are 2 Drive-Thru lanes to keep it crazy fast.. ~ Even when they have to make my dog's special no-onion cheeseburger, they are crazy fast.. ~ For years, they gave my family's dog Jamie free baby ice cream cones. Jamie didn't need many moments of excitement to be happy, but 'go for ride' was one of them, and 'ice cream time' was another.. ~ The drive-thru staff is so sweet to my little pup Lucy when I take her to 'cheeseburger window'.. . So, I guess what I'm saying is, this is the best McDonald's for dogs and their parents. And as someone who generally only visits McDonald's to reward my dog for good behavior after a vet visit, this McDonald's is just right.
1 ||| I have never gotten an order correct from this specific McDonald's. I'm not sure what the problem is, but it is never, ever right. It is never quick. The staff is always rude. After trying at least 12-15 times over the past year, I've finally given up hope on this place. Do not recommend.
1 ||| Delivery is slow and not even close to the best Chinese in the area.  No matter if it's rice or noodles or chicken or pork, everything tastes off--like it's been overcooked in mop-bucket-water.  Try House of Lee instead.
4 ||| Whether you live in Ben Avon Heights, Brighton Heights - or anywhere in between - I urge you to try China Sea.  It is quite simply the best local Chinese delivery.  The people on the phone are helpful and friendly.  The delivery is always quoted at 45 minutes, yet the food always arrives earlier and is always unbelievably hot and fresh.  Some favorites of ours are the Kung Pao shrimp, pork lo mein and hot and sour soup.  I don't mean to compare China Sea to the higher end Chinese restaurants in our area.  It is not Sesame Inn or China Palace; it is not a "date night out" sort of place. It most definitely is a cozy, inexpensive, good quality "stay in and relax" go to.  Hope this helps!  Enjoy!. . ps. A few final thoughts while we were going back for seconds; they only use all white meat chicken in their dishes.. pps. Always look at their online coupons, you will get something free!
1 ||| Wow. What a shame. My family just moved to the area and have been sampling the local cuisine. We are a very large family and love foods of all kind. We've eaten Chinese food from a hundred different places in a dozen different cities. Hands down, this was the worst we've ever had. Cold, tough, congealed, and tasteless - that's the only way to describe it. I'll never order from here again. Quite frankly, the fact that I took time away from my kids to type this out should tell you how awful it was. My complaints fell on deaf ears. I guess they were shocked that someone thought that they were serving low grade dog food. I understand that sometimes restaurants crank out bad food. It happens. But when it does, you bend over backwards to make it right. Not at this place. I was told that he would have to speak with the owner in order to help me. I guess that's how they deflect complaints - blame it on the owners that aren't there and make the customer for away angry.  Too bad. Because we will be visiting a competitor in the future. This family of 7 won't be visiting China Sea ever again. Oh, and by the way, why can't I give this place zero stars?
1 ||| The pros:. You get a TON of food for your money. If the food was actually decent, this would have been even better because... LEFTOVERS. . They have coupons on their website that you can use whenever. . . . The cons:. The woman who answers the phone is kinda rude. You try to ask her questions and she gets an attitude with you like you're wasting her time. . My pork dumplings were "fried" only on one side and were raw in the middle. . Everything was pretty darn salty. Yeah, I get it. Chinese food tends to be a little salty, but this was unacceptably salty. . Leftovers... Yes this is also a con because I threw it away. Suffering through it once was enough! . . If you're craving something made fresh that is spicy and sweet, you're not going to find it here. Just very greasy, very salty, poor excuse for Chinese takeout.
1 ||| If you have any common sense at all, please don't stay here.  Once, it almost burnt down...and I'm pretty sure most of the locals were chanting "burn, baby, burn."
4 ||| came back to Pittsburgh for a wedding and couldn't find anything in my price range close to the city until i found this motel...it was very affordable....room was okay...cable tv and a/c worked fine....
1 ||| OMG who wrote the review below? A big fat liar/someone that was paid to write that! I stayed there for an hour this past weekend (my friend and I were both intoxicated and figured laying down a few hours would get us better suited to finish driving home). This place looks like it hasb't been cleaned (or furnished) since the 80s. Literally there was grime on the walls, and squashed, unwiped bug smears too. Ok, so not the best, but for two hours, we could deal. We looked for bed bugs, and didn't see any immediate signs of them- so we laid down to rest. After about 20-30 minutes, we both started itching like crazy. I ran to the bathroom mirror (there was mold all over the bathroom) and saw bed bug bites all on my shoulders, arms, and legs. HORRIBLE!! PLEASE Health Department, shut them down! It's deplorable in there!!
1 ||| I can't even rate this place! Its absolutely disgusting! I begged the health department to shut them down! I was forced to stay a night here and it was so disgusting! I woke up with bed bug bites all over my body! Just filthy! DO NOT STAY HERE!
3 ||| I was in need of a pedicure before my beach vacation, so I decided to stop in to Star Nails in Bellevue. I've never had a pedicure before, mostly because I'm super-ticklish, but I felt like it was about time.. . The salon looks quite nice inside; wood (well, laminate) floors, clean decor, and four pedicure chairs up on the platform on the right. I didn't have an appointment, and waited about ten minutes on a Wednesday evening.. . Nancy was my nail technician, and she greeted me warmly and helped me over into the pedicure area. Pro tip: Don't wear a past-knee-length skirt, as it can make straddling the foot bath to get into the chair slightly awkward. Nancy helped me out like a pro and I was all set.. . The pedicure chairs have a massage feature that reminded me of the Migun massage tables. They don't just vibrate; they knead. The controller is right next to you, so you can stop and start as you like. I just made sure the thing kept running the whole time. The foot bath was nice and warm. I'd brought a book to keep myself busy but turns out all my attention was occupied by relaxing.. . Nancy guided me through the steps and the slight language barrier isn't much of a problem. She completely understood that I was super-ticklish from the flinching involved, and somehow managed to be very careful about it. It wasn't at all unpleasant, which is what I'd kind of expected.. . This is the awful TMI section, so avert your ayes if you are at all sensitive. Since I've never had a pedicure and I tend to walk around either barefoot or in thin-soled shoes, I had quite a lot of callus built up. The removal was kind of disgusting, so I just didn't look, but it didn't hurt at all. I also tend to ingrown toenails on both big toes, and she dealt with them gently and quickly. I was a bit concerned about having that done at a salon, but it's a week later and my toes haven't turned gangrene, so all's well that ends well.. END TMI. . Even though it wasn't the spa pedicure (not sure what else THAT involves), I got a full foot and calf massage. Polish on and all done! At which point I thought I might as well get a manicure, too.. . The manicure involved heated mitts and a hand massage, and was very nice. Total cost was $37 plus tip (I gave her $10 for having to deal with my nasty feet). I had some fun conversations with other patrons, and overall a great experience. I'd go back once a day if it were in any way reasonable to do so, but this is getting placed on the once-a-month schedule for sure.. . The polish from the pedicure is still holding up like a champ after a week. The manicure was pretty well shot after a couple of days, so I'll probably just stick with doing the polish at home, although I can't complain about the massage and cuticle care.. . Again, I don't have other salons or spas to compare with, but it seemed like a good, basic service with a few little extras. The staff were all friendly and remembered the repeat customers who came in. They do take credit cards, and you can put the tip on the card as well; I brought cash for that as I am not used to salons taking tips on cards.. . They also offer acrylics (which I don't do), gel nails (which I'd like to try), and nail art. I'm not sure if they do waxing. I am sure that it's a friendly place, that it's clean (important!), and that they made me feel relaxed even though I was beyond nervous going in.
1 ||| I got a pedicure here. Not bad, they were pretty thorough. But two days later both of my big toes were infected and oozing pus where she trimmed my toenails on the sides (which was weird anyway). I hate to rate a local shop down, but man my toes hurt.
5 ||| This is my favorite 'event' restaurant (by which I mean, spendy, but definitely worth it for special occasions).  It is great for intimate birthdays, celebrations, etc.  Whatever karmic intervention gave the 'Bustling Borough of Bellevue' this restaurant makes me think we, as a community, has done something right. . . But more importantly the food...  Oh, the food!  The owner/chef takes so much care, it makes the whole experience very enjoyable.  I have never had a bad meal.  . . I
5 ||| Yes!!!!!!. . . . . Great service!. Great Food!. Love the BYOB!!! ($5).
1 ||| STAY AWAY, the owners are so rude, they blatantly say they are not doing well and then try to pretend they have the best hairdressers in Pittsburgh. they make you feel so unwelcome, advertise they offer a bunch of services and then when you ask they snap at you that they only do hair.  it was so awkward and weird .  i received warnings not to get my hair done there so i was going to get a pedicure because i had a gift certificate.  she told me her employees will only take cash if they have to touch a client's feet.  I may go there just to get bangs trimmed since i do not want to completely waste the certificate, but this place gives me the creeps, sounds dirty, and has beyond bad customer service.  They definitely do NOT know how to run a business and it is obvious why they are not doing well. Sue and Kristi pass the phone back and forth because noone wants to take a call.  she reiterates that the business is doing bad and they need more clients.  i have never experienced a ruder salon, or should i say dead beat shack.
1 ||| I think it is ridiculous that they say they need more clients!  I was all ready to be a new client.  I had a 12:30 appointment with them, and when I arrived at 12:30 on the dot, the place was locked and dark and no one was there!  I waited for five minutes (in the rain), and they still didn't show.  I called and left a voicemail saying that I was still willing to wait, and I understood if there was some confusion, but could they call my cell (I gave them the number, as I had previously given my home number when I made the appointment).  I waited nearby at a coffee shop, went back after another five minutes, and it was still locked and I hadn't received a call.  And I am definitely not estimating the time, either.  I was willing to wait a bit, and I looked very closely at the time on my phone to be sure that I wasn't jumping the gun on calling and then leaving.  Finally, I went on with my day and when I got home, they had left a voicemail on my HOME PHONE, which I had specifically asked them not to call, saying, "Oh hi.  Sorry you missed me, but I was MAYBE two minutes late at the most.  I hope you haven't left, but you should just call back to reschedule.'  Seriously?  When I was waiting, another woman came to the door.  I thought she worked there, but she was just another client, also trying to get in!  When I told this story at another local business, the women there said that I was probably the fourth person who had had this same experience at this place.  I couldn't believe it.  This place is the worst, and I have never even stepped inside!
1 ||| Now I'm picky about my hair, but Mane Attractions was so bad that I walked out after about 15 minutes of watching the stylists work on other clients.. . I had desperately needed a haircut and walked in for a major trim and re-shaping of my layers.  First, the girl at the counter said my hair might be "difficult" due to the length (it was nearly long enough to sit on at the time) and that I would probably have to stand while it was cut.  Weird, but okay.  Second, no one there knew anything about donating to "Locks of Love," and I feel like salons should be aware of things like that.  I needed a cut so I went for it anyway.. . I watched the two stylists while I waited for my turn.  One stylist told the client whose hair she was cutting that she was going to do something other than what they discussed because it "wasn't looking right."  Ummm, okay.  The other stylist was too busy checking her phone every three seconds to notice she was yanking on her client's hair so hard with the comb that she was giving her poor client whiplash.. . At that point, I just pretended like I had received an urgent text and said, "I have to leave, so sorry "as I bolted for the door.
5 ||| I have been getting my hair cut and hi-lighted at Mane Attractions for over 5 years, by Sue, the owner. I am always extremely happy with the way my hair looks.   My hair is very fine and I don't have a whole lot of it, but Sue does wonders with it, especially with my latest cut. I never wanted it shorter than shoulder length, but decided recently to make a change. Because I'm getting older, and other methods of increasing the volume and amount of my hair were too expensive, or didn't work,  I wanted to try a shorter cut. The cut she gave me made my hair look much thicker. I have had several compliments on the cut, one from another hairstylist who worked at Regis. Sue is also reasonable, charging $80 for my cut and hi-lights. I will admit that I had to wait outside the salon once when I was the first customer of the day, but that was once in over 5 years. I will take an occasional late opening in exchange for the great cuts/color I get!
5 ||| Let me just tell you, I have really, really difficult hair.  type 3b Naturally curly, 100% grey, I dye it dark and mess with the color myself. ( never good)  If you want to know where to get a good haircut you ask someone with my hair. Since I have been going to Mane Attractions I have really LOVED my hair. I have been going there for about 4 years. Kristi was even able to cut my curly hair into a short reverse bob without making me look like i was wearing a helmet. ( you curly girls know what I am talking about). I have had nothing but complements on my hair and even my mom( who is always honest) is impressed. The only complaint I ever have is that yes, sometimes I have gone there on the spur of the moment and it has been closed during the week. I just know to call and schedule things. it is a small business and I get it.  P.S. kids haircuts are only 10$ and My daughter loves it.
5 ||| Krispy Creme? Grocery store cakes?  Git ahta tahn.... when it comes to donuts, pastries, and cakes they don't hold a wisk to Lincoln Bakery in Bellevue (or most Western PA bakeries for that matter).  Their cakes hit the top of my list (with Edy's downtown coming in second).  The batter is light and moist while the icing is smooth -- not too sweet - not too 'lardy'.  By all means, feel free to give them a decorating challenge as their peeps got mad skillz.. . In my experience, Pittsburgh natives don't seem to realize how good their sweet tooths have it here, till they move away.  So, when I travel westward for the holidays I bring some Lincoln Bakery sweets along.. . I highly recommend their Burnt Almond Torte with either custard or lemon filling for nearly any occasion.  I get these for corporate gatherings often and they always go over well - and you know what they say about trying to please everyone!. . I'd suggest giving them a few days to a weeks notice as they keep pretty busy.. . (As a side note: though I rave about their donuts, pastries, and cakes.... for cookies I'd recommend Moi's Italian Bakery in Monroeville).
5 ||| The Lincoln Bakery did my wedding cake - White cake, chocolate mousse filling, and buttercream icing... it was fabulous! We got so many compliments, not only did it look beautiful but it tasted great!
5 ||| Quite possibly the best bakery in Pittsburgh.  It's got everything from the low-end (cookies, cupcakes, donuts) to the high (wedding cakes, tortes, tarts).  Make any special or large orders weeks in advance.  The tastiest wedding cake I ever sampled was from here: smooth buttercream icing with alternating raspberry and lemon filling in white batter.
5 ||| I love Lincoln Bakery so much.  We just got a birthday cake from here today, and everyone at the party loved it.  I seriously cannot believe how gorgeous it was.  For fall cakes and cupcakes, I can't even imagine anyone making anything prettier!  The icing is wonderful, although the colored icing is sort of bitter (but I think that is the case anywhere).  The white icing is just perfect and not too sweet.  When I told my neighbor that I was coming here tonight to pick up the cake, she immediately asked me if I had ever had the carrot cake.  Yes, I have, and it is amazing!  The burnt almond torte rivals Prantl's.  I think the girls who work there are so nice and helpful.  And I love all of the homemade candy that they sell.  It is just the sweetest local gem.  Love Lincoln Bakery.
3 ||| Lincoln Bakery is yet another local bakery I've been meaning to try.  When a Google Offer came up, I took it so I would have no excuse to keep avoiding it.  The place has a nice neighborhood bakery feel; as I took in the many selections it seemed that everyone who came in was a regular.  There weren't many people when I was there (it was still relatively early) but I got the impression that at times there can be a line to the door.  . One thing that I didn't like was although they had many pastries to choose from, nothing was labeled.  So I had to keep asking what things were.  The cinnamon roll was okay, nothing spectacular.  But the pastries I got were very good.  I'd recommend checking it out.  I know if I'm ever in the neighborhood I will stop in for a treat myself.
3 ||| Cookies aren't bad.  Haven't had a reason to buy cakes or other pastries.  Staff is friendly and it smells like heaven.
5 ||| My daughter CAN'T pass by here without asking to get something.  All I can say is you had better bring your sweet tooth!
4 ||| Lincoln Bakery makes very delicious donuts, pastries, and desserts. Their bread selection, however, was very limited and upon making our choice the quality of the bread was mediocre. We were also disappointed that many of the things in the shop are not labeled and when the store is busy it can be difficult to find staff to explain what different options are. Still, this should be a go to for a local bakery if you are looking for something sweet.
5 ||| I ordered a cake for a baptism. I did a search on the best tasting cake around Pittsburgh and after reading reviews, Lincoln bakery was the one we had to try.. . I called them a week ahead, they told me the design they would do and after seeing some pictures on their Facebook page I trusted it will work out so I went ahead and ordered it. . . It was a big hit! Some of my family members were getting seconds. . The cake wasn't too sweet and the icing not too "buttery". I will have to say that next time I need a cake I will order from this bakery, and maybe try some of the other things they carry in their store.
1 ||| Got a key lime pie from this place. It was horrid. Icing was stale cake thick, crust was not even crunchy or had taste, and the key lime was weak. Pie looked it it was sitting out for a day or 2.
4 ||| This is a pretty decent Arby's, and given the condition of the other fast food restaurants on this stretch of Ohio River, it practically reaches exceptional.  The dining room is clean and nicely modern.  The service is friendly.  I don't think I've ever had a bad experience.
2 ||| Everytime I eat at this location I end up with a sick stomach.  I don't have that problem at other Arby's.  The dining area is clean and everything else seems ok but I always get a sick stomach.  Maybe they should relook at their food prep.
3 ||| Arby's is definitely king of the fast food joints on the Blvd.  For that, I'd give it five stars.  However, it's still fast food, which explains the mediocre rating.  Do not go here without a coupon from the Sunday paper--there's a whole page of them at least once a month.  The staff here is very nice and very fast, and on the whole, the food is better than elsewhere by the river if you're stuck with a fast food choice.
5 ||| Without question, this is my favorite thrift store in the greater Pittsburgh region. I find antique kitchenwares here that are older than my grandma, worth $85 if the antique mall is to be believed, and priced at $2.50. The 50%-off sales actually pay off here. The merchandise turns over quickly. The staff is a real cast of characters (don't miss the steelers tattoos!!! i'm seriously serious, they are amazing). there are bicycles for you and your kids in decent-semi-working condition. The balance of stuff is about half and half valuable old vintage and more modern hand-me-downs. The prices are reasonable to cheap. The plastic bags on the wall are often a treasure trove. The kitchen section could outfit your kitchen in fondue pots for days. Most thrift store remodels result in ridiculous high prices to pay for the construction. The remodel here just means a bigger, cleaner store and parking lot. . . I have spent, cumulatively, probably  several weeks of my life in this store. This is, hands-down, without question, the thing I miss most about leaving Pittsburgh. This store is the largest single contributor to my wardrobe, outside of H&M.
2 ||| So I came to this Red White and Blue with high hopes of thrift store mecca, and I will get to how I left empty handed and in tears.  First, I'll walk you through my experience. .  This place is pretty large, and relatively clean, with a nice parking lot.  The racks are packed with clothes - and I mean, hard to move the hangers because there is so much stock, which can be a pro or a con depending on how you like it.  I found it a bit cumbersome since although the clothes are organized by type (dress vs. blouse) there is NO size separation.  In a place this huge, it takes quite a long time to find what you're looking for without the size separation.  But, I'm not one to abandon a bargain because I don't want to look around (after all, that is what its all about), so I gave a good 30 min-45 and got a handful of garments to try on.  (I would typically spend a few hours, but I was trying to spare a friend not as keen on secondhand garments).  With my carefully extracted finds I searched in vain for a fitting room, never to find one.  After asking the staff where it was, I had to take a seat and leave my jaw dropped for a while because THERE IS NO FITTING ROOM! . I couldn't take this fact into my brain, and although there were some household items I wanted to go back and buy, I was too upset to continue.  (Sidenote: yes, I can understand how this can work for the RWB, but imho it is unforgivable, and I wish there was at least some warning before spending my time searching for a bargain when I couldn't even see if it would fit). . . I would recommend this store if you are looking for something specific secondhand especially for dishes, or older electronics, or even beauty products.  There was even a used Nikon SLR with a wide angle lens ($200 though)!  . But if you plan on buying a sundress, and don't plan on stripping down in front of your fellow thrifties, you'd better be confident in your purchase.  RWB is just like any other thrift store, and you can't return or exchange your items, so you'd be out of luck and out of money.
5 ||| Woo Hoo!  Dead Lady.. . This thrift store rocks.  I have been doing this for more years that I haven't been, and it is the best in the city.. . I would make a weekly trek to RWB, and would never be disappointed.  These were the days when you could find a vintage 50s something or other on the racks, before there was a "Vintage" section.  Still, recently, there is always a treasure to be had, especially in the housewares department.  The proximity of this thrift store to the affluent neighborhood of Sewickley accounts for its top-notch merch.  Whenever we'd have a particularly good day, my frends and I would joke..."dead lady."
5 ||| I came here all the time while I was freelancing and in charge of my own schedule.  It has a lot of points going for it that other thrift shops consistently mess up.. . 1. It's well lit.  You can SEE the clothing, see whatever might be wrong with it, and make an honest assessment.  You're never surprised when you leave at the state of the items you've just bought.. . 2. It is surprisingly clean.  Nothing seems to smell, so I can only imagine they've laundered everything thoroughly. . . 3. There are good quality brands--Ann Taylor, Kenneth Cole, etc.  It's mainly items along these lines.  You're more likely to find twinsets than clubbing tops here, which if you're over the age of 21 is a good thing.. . 4. Markdowns and fresh merchandise.  These people *know* how to turn over their stock.  Because the place is never empty, and there are specials every day, the stock flips rapidly.  The merchandise is never the same week to week, so as I mentioned before, it's addictive.  You never know what you'll find.. . A summary of a few things I've bought here: a 6 dollar designer knit dress, a few silk twinsets ($2-$5), countless heels, two pairs of Birkenstocks and two pairs of Doc Martens ($4-$8), a dressmaker's bust ($5), a pressure cooker ($7)..... . You get the picture.  The prices aren't rock bottom, but close enough, and the quality of the clothing will help anyone but the stingiest person get over the 50 cents extra.. . Can't recommend it enough!
5 ||| My very favorite store in the world!  Their recent remodel made it bigger and easier to find things and not have to get stuck in an aisle with 10 other people.. . I get 80% of my wardrobe from here - the shoes and purses are the best and have always found something great to take home
1 ||| I cannot imagine a more miserable place to shop than this jam-packed monstrosity.  This is a store that makes me thankful for Goodwill and The Salvation Army resale stores.  The customers and the staff are miserable at Red White and Blue.  The clothes are priced far higher than other such shops.  Merchandise is not refundable or exchangeable, and there are no fitting rooms!  One purchases clothes at their own risk!  What person would buy a suit under these conditions, hoping the pants will fit?  Unlike other stores, there is no senior discount and no credit cards accepted, a rare cash only business.  To the reviewer who boasts that everything is 50% off every day, how is that a sale?  It is bogus pricing.  Red White and Blue, uggh!
5 ||| Ever shopped at a Thrift Shop that sells high end labels, some brand new and gently used items like backpacks for $5? This is a great place to discover unique things. They also have daily deals such as 1/2 off of certain color tags. Have to dig through other things though to find something interesting which is part of the adventure!
5 ||| First time i really took a moment to look for some stuff. It's always a Hit or miss, all the other thrift store I've visited later in my trip showed me that. Thrift store sure does drain a lot of your mental energy. Looking for stuff there was a hellacious project but I bought a Steeler jersey for 2.50$, some polos and a cute outfit for a friends baby. 20$ before reduction and after 7.90$!! wohh!! That felt good!!
1 ||| Love the store. Great stuff, High price. Buyer BEWARE of the RUDE cashier SYLVIA, extremely unpleasant, unwilling to help and always with NEGATIVE attitude. She needs customer service training....Someone please tell her to stop complaining about other customers or employees....Cashier that does window display is always kind, friendly and helpful.
5 ||| I love a deal, and this has been my favorite thrift store since I was a kid.  . . First, there is some sort of half-off deal every day.. . Second, the used book selection is pretty decent.  Yeah, there are a ton of self-help and Patterson mass markets that you have wade through, but T.C. Boyle for two bucks?  Yes, please.. . Third, the home goods.  I've gotten huge solid wood picture frames for only a couple dollars.  The art prints inside were hideous...but I threw those away, re-stained the frames to my liking, cut new mats, and inserting art quoted as $360 each to frame at a big chain fabric store for under $30.  Boom.. . Finally, there is a decent selection of lamp to re-wire, always lot of furniture, some diamond in the rough clothes on occasion, and lots of other wacky stuff that's just fun to sift through.. . CASH ONLY and the cashiers are pretty rude/lazy, but that never bothers me.. . BONUS:  They pick up your donations for free from your porch.  http://www.pickupplease.org/  Super easy.
2 ||| Prices not great for true thrifters. Staff completely useless. No dressing rooms. I simply have nothing to say about this place.
5 ||| I love love LOVE this store. I thought the one on Saw Mill Run was great but this was i think is way awesomer. If only awesomer were a word. I love to go here and find lots of home decor items to decorate my house. candle holders, DIning sets, paints, sculptures and sooo much more. I found this small desk lamp that has a victorian look to it with the shade included for $4. The lamp shade was made of some kind of smooth material almost like leather. It's such a great find. There are plenty of items for sale at this place and most of them are in great shape. . . So the clothes which occupy most of the store are the best find. The Store has certain days that offer you %50 certain color tags. I went on a Monday and it was half off yellow and white tags. Other days its half off blue, or green or red. I love to go on Saturdays!! This past week it was half off every tag except white. I found so many items for such a cheap price. $7 shirts for $3.50 and tunics for $4. Have you ever find items for $1?? I have!!! I love when I find a great shirt or sweater for $3 or less. Or when you find a brand new item with the tags on them for under $7. I bought a brand new pair of Arizona Jeans (in my size) for $5. I couldn't believe it. I was too excited.. . The clothes are organized by color but not by size which is a good and bad thing. I like to shop by color since I don't wear too many yellows or purples. I can avoid those sections all together but when I do find a nice shirt in the color I want the size becomes an issue. There were a lot of nice shirt that were just too small or too big. Even when i have to pass on a nice shirt I tend to find one that's just as good at the same price. . . Shopping here is a gold find!! My sister was the one who introduced me to this store and i used to make fun of her for shopping thrift. If I had known that It was nothing like the Good Will I would have been here a lot sooner. Now my sister makes fun f me for going so often. What an amazing place this is!! I'll probably never shop retail again!!. . REMINDER: CASH ONLY!!. -But they have an ATM!! $2.50 fee
4 ||| Rating this store is tough because I want to give it a 5...I really do.. Huge selection of clothing, housewares, electronics and furniture, but NO FITTING ROOMS!. . Yes, you read that correctly. No fitting rooms. Are you kidding me?!?! It doesn't completely overshadow the fact that they have great items, but when 95% of what you offer is clothing, you've got to have a few rooms for people to try stuff on!. . The clothing is organized by style and color, not by size, so be ready to dig. Same thing with the shoes.. . I asked a staff member where to try on clothing and she directed me to the back corner of the store where there were two long mirrors hanging side by side on the wall, directly in front of the kitchen section. I was slightly confused for a minute and then realized that was my only option. I decided against even peeking at any pants or blouses and instead went for jackets and sweaters I could easily try on over my shirt. . . Now, the mirrors are directly side-by-side, so if there are two people trying things on over their clothes (so weird), you're going to be right up on top of them. Not to mention you'll be right on top of people browsing through the kitchen section.. . A lady I was chatting with told me that she has seen women come in wearing tight fitting shirts/tank tops and spandex tights (hey, those are somehow socially acceptable as pants in public now, anyway!) so they are able to easily try everything on over their clothing (still weird).. . As annoyed as I was about the fitting room situation, I will probably make a trip out there again in the future to browse based solely on the size of the store. I just might have to wear some spandex.
4 ||| I can't believe I've been here multiple times and haven't reviewed it yet.  I absolutely love this place.  It's a super thrift store if you will.. . No matter when I come here, I always find something.  It quite the experience.  I always make sure it's a day when I am off of work because I can literally spend hours here just looking.  It's a good thing that I do this, you can't just show up here and think that you will be able to gran an item and then leave.  . . Like a fellow reviewer said, there are not fitting rooms here, so be prepared to walk into someone trying on a potential great new garment for them self in the middle of an aisle.  Sometimes you just can't avoid this, I blame the fact that they have mirrors set up throughout stores.. . They have everything you can seem to desire here.  Clothing to electronics, furniture to bedding, books to movies.  EVERYTHING is under this roof.. . *Cash only, ATM on premise.
4 ||| This thrift store is one of the best in Pittsburgh; it's huge and has a great selection of books, clothes and housewares.. . With that being said, there are a number of drawbacks to shopping here because of its popularity. It starts with the parking. There are a few spots in front of the store, with two "overflow" lots that quickly fill up. Getting out is a bear if you're heading back towards the city, like I usually am, because to pull up to the traffic light you have to go the wrong way through the very narrow parking area in front of the store. Crossing three lanes on 51 without the help of a traffic light just seems like a bad plan.. . Once inside the store, beware of other customers on the weekends. I've encountered aggressive shoppers on multiple occasions who are usually welding carts as weapons. Let's just say some shoppers think it's OK to block off entire aisles so they can peruse a section.. . Other notes: There are no fitting rooms. I sometimes try on clothes over the ones I'm wearing in front of a mirror, because hey, it's a thrift store.. . Also, they're cash only.. . Despite these setbacks, I find myself coming back every few months because I've found some really awesome things here, from dresses to plates. Just think of the trip as a little adventure.
3 ||| nice and clean with well organized large selection but was expensive. I was looking for some twin size thin cotton blankets easy to wash and hang dry for my dog and the prices were $14.99 of course somewere high quality items which u would have to pay new retail store price $40-50 but still overpriced. I finally found a small blanket for $7 on sale.
4 ||| This is one of the true sleepers of "neighborhood Pittsburgh." Since 1979, this "diner/family restaurant" has been serving excellent breakfasts and home-cooked dinners. The staff has been there as long.. . They have some of the best fresh-brewed iced tea in the city. They also have my favorite pancakes. If you're looking for a cheap, low key, dependable place to go, come home at 8 o'clock one evening, sit in the window, and especially around the holiday season, I assure you that it will be one of the best "old time" meals you'll ever have. . . I hate its name, but I love the Rusty Nail.
2 ||| The home-cooked breakfasts at The Rusty Nail in Bellevue are wonderful, prices are reasonable, the wait staff are gems, and is often bragged about by Bellevue locals.  That said, two stars is all I can muster primarily due to the tiny, cramped dining area.  I've witness people at three tables being disrupted while they are eating so departing diners would have enough room to push their chair away from the table and pass by others just to leave.. . Don't get me wrong, I adore that Pittsburgh is a small, friendly city, but I'm not fond of getting elbowed in the back as the guy behind me cuts his breakfast steak and eggs, nor knowing his guest gargled with Cool Mint Listerine this morning (or worse, didn't) .  Yes, the tables are packed THAT close together.  And whatever you do, don't dare bring a large friend here to dine when it's busy unless you enjoy feeling like a complete 'jag off' for doing so on the way out.
2 ||| I really wanted to like the Rusty Nail.  I love little local restaurants like this.  But it really is a very tight squeeze, to begin with.  They really need to pull some tables out of there to make more room.  We were right on top of another table with two very loud young children, and there was just no buffer.  And the food was.... just so bland!  I get that it was supposed to be homestyle cooking, but it just had no flavor.  To be fair, we did go for dinner, and I understand that this place is more of a breakfast joint, so I would be willing to try it again sometime for breakfast.  For dinner though, unless you like super-bland food, I probably wouldn't return for seconds.
2 ||| Given that the Rusty Nail has been highly recommended to me as a good breakfast spot by various sources, I'm sad to say I was sorely disappointed. . . They have a wide selection of breakfast options.  However, even with numerous breakfast specials listed, not one included eggs, meat, potatoes AND toast.  Yes, that's right.  I had to order the eggs, bacon and toast special with a side of the potatoes.  When my food was served, the portions were average except for the side order of potatoes.  I did greatly enjoy the potatoes, though, which I ordered deep fried.  My dining companion ordered the French toast with ham and enjoyed it very much.  . . We were here on a weekday morning so we didn't have to worry about it being crowded.  The service was good.  And it's not that I thought anything was bad, it's just that, as the two star rating says, "Meh, I've experienced better."  Given the plethora of choices in Bellevue, this will not be my first stop should I find myself on Lincoln Avenue for breakfast again.
2 ||| I always see this place, and Saturday we decided to stop in for lunch. The atmosphere was pleasant. My boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich, which he loved. I however, ordered the steak and cheese pita and was extremely disappointed. The pita was soft and fresh but the steak was terrible. It was very steak-um like and saturated with grease. When I picked up the sandwich grease poured from it. I'm not one to send back food, and that's my fault, but the waitress came by once as I was eating, over heard me upset about my food, looked at me then continued on her way. Needless to say I don't think I will be returning.
3 ||| A great Pittsburgh diner with friendly service and good diner food. If there are any problems, the prices a bit high for diner food and, as others have said, it's extremely cramped. Otherwise, it's an enjoyable place to eat and the food is, indeed, very good.
4 ||| I had one of the breakfast specials and it was fantastic. There was also a continuous flow of coffee, which is always nice. Probably just missed the church crowd so it wasn't too busy either. Definitely a good breakfast spot.
5 ||| My wife, my daughter and I went here for breakfast. I got the breakfast special: $5 for French toast and eggs. Clean, great service, delicious food. You can't beat it for breakfast.
4 ||| The first time we went here assuming by the name that it must be a dive bar. We were disappointed, but we were also hungry so we ordered dinner. It was just nothing special pretty typical greasy diner food. While there we couldn't help but notice all the articles and awards on the wall stating this was one of Pittsburgh's best breakfast spots. So, sometime later, on a hungover morning after a wedding some of my boyfriends friends were staying with me and wanted to get some breakfast and I thought let's check out that rusty nail again. What a great decision. I think we all got one of the specials and they were all delicious. Mine came with some kind of homemade hash brown patties that were amazing. The only downside is they only take cash (that's not uncommon around here) but they have an atm. Also there is often a wait on the weekends but for us it wasn't very long and they have free coffee outside for you while you wait. Well ok one more thing the actual restaurant is very small and kinda lop-sided but hey I'd rather have a cheap delicious breakfast in a shitty place than pay more for a nicer atmosphere.
3 ||| I am very happy to be moving into a 'neighborhood' that has a line-up of decent mom-and-pop shops to find a reasonable meal when the cupboard is bare, or the energy banks are depleted for cooking. Bellevue does seem to have a small collection of decent eats at reasonable prices, and The Rusty Nail is one of that handful of good examples of neighborhood haunts.. . It's touted as a 'diner' in many of the reviews, but it really is a step above your average 'diner', and is more of a cozy neighborhood gathering spot for a decent burger, or entree. I've not made it there for the breakfast, but have always been satisfied by the dinners.. . Rusty Nail is hardly on the gourmet end of the scale. In fact, I would imagine the Sysco truck pulls up out back regularly with deliveries of food parts, from cans of sauces to frozen animal chunks. As long as those parts are assembled and doctored to make them seem a bit fresher than the typical conveyor-belt diner, all is fine. And indeed, all IS fine.. . So few of our local 'diners' are up to snuff when it comes to serving up decent 'diner' fare, that I can't call Rusty Nail a diner. It's a neighborhood family restaurant. Period.. . Burgers, meatloaf, pot roast, fish sammiches, salads, pastas...a varied but adequate menu. Fair and decent prices. Friendly and attentive service. A cozy enough atmosphere (although I have to say AGAIN in a review of a restaurant, if you've got multiple TVs in the space, for gods sake, can ONE of them NOT be showing SPORTS coverage??) and a pleasant crowd of patrons. . . During my last visit, there was a large family gathering at the next table. A nicely polished middle-class clan, ranging in age from gramps to granddaughter. At one point, dad received a phone call on his cell...and actually stepped OUTSIDE to have his conversation. As I was leaving I had to pat him on the back and thank him for being one of the few remaining decent guys with manners!. . Bottom line...Rusty Nail is comfortable. It's not a drive-out-of-you-way destination for dining. It is what it is. A great little neighborhood spot FOR the neighborhood. . . But do bring cash. The don't take credit cards. Believe it or not, they WILL actually take a check.
4 ||| On our recent visit to Pittsburgh my family and I had breakfast at the Rusty Nail in Bellevue (dad's hometown).  The place is on the main street, Lincoln Ave (or up street as my family called it).. . They were quite busy on a Saturday morning but we only waited about 5-10 minutes for a table.  I enjoyed a sausage omelet with American cheese and my husband had a Denver omelet.  The omelets were well prepared and served with toast.  Potatoes were and extra $2.29, but a serving of potatoes was enough for two.  Breakfast for four adults was about $50 including tip.  All adults had coffee or tea and a full breakfast.. . The service was friendly and prompt on the day we were there and coffee refills were offered readily.  It is cramped quarters, but typical for neighborhood non-diner breakfast joints in urban areas.. . We had a great diner breakfast in homey surroundings.  We will definitely go back when visiting Pittsburgh.
3 ||| Checked out the neighborhood restaurant for Sunday brunch. The portions were generous and the omelets were very good. We felt that much of the food (e.g., sides) and service were just average. For example, we typically had to ask for coffee to be refilled. It is a great place to go for a quick bite to eat on a Sunday morning, but I would not make a special trip to the restaurant.
5 ||| Place has amazing omelettes that are almost as big as the size of the plate. You get a really big side of home fries too. This is probably my favorite place for breakfast in Pittsburgh. I generally go in and get a seat right away without waiting. Service is usually fast and friendly. Two downsides to the place. 1) they are cash only which can be an inconvenience. I never remember to have cash until I get my bill so I have to run to the ATM. 2) the seating is limited and the tables are very close to each other so people there can most likely hear your conversations. Place overall is excellent and is worth a try at least for breakfast. The lunches and dinner selections aren't bad either!!
1 ||| This place is overpriced and the service is not good at all.  When we where there children were riding bikes in the lot near the tables.  One almost hit our child.  Another customer said that if the owner had been there she would have not allowed the bikes to be there.  The cone was large to say the least but the taste left something to be desired.  Not the best neighborhood either with a bar nearby.  Our children were exposed to language that would have made a sailor blush.  We will not be back.  Also they will accept a credit card but not a debit card?????  Please get up with the times.
4 ||| I am a big fan of this little ice cream place.  You can get both hard and soft ice cream, so that satisfies myself and my daughter.  They also have funnel cakes for my daughter that doesn't care for ice cream.  The place is small but there is always a line and the DJ outside plays the best oldies while you wait.
4 ||| I fell in love with this place as soon as we pulled up and saw the lights strung up and  oldies coming from the speakers! . . I tried the banana cream pie hard ice cream, their scoops are very generous!! . . My bf got the peach cobbler hard ice cream and that was to die for! We got 4 servings of ice cream for $10, which nowadays is a steal IMO! :) . . I'll definitely be heading back with my coworkers this week!
2 ||| First time here and I wasnt impressed at all!  I should have gone to the dairy queen :-(
5 ||| Excellent service and repair.  Completely explained how to adjust and take care of our Grandfather clock on our own.  Would recommend to others.
5 ||| Thank You Kim and Kurt! It was very nice of you guys to take the time to post your reviews on our service. We really appreciate it. We hope your clocks will continue to do well for years to come. Please dont hesitate to give us a call if there's anything else we can do for you.. . Lisa. Paul's Clock Repair
5 ||| Sometime ago,I was looking for someone to service my Grandfather clocks in my home. After extensive research,I ran across these folks. I couldn't be happier with the result of their visitation. The knowledge they possess and the professionalism with which they practice,is impeccable! ALL of my clocks are running at peak performance;they even took the time to look at my "Black Forest" cuckoo clocks and passed on valuable advice as to how I should maintain them. I graciously appreciate their time,demeanor,and service! I wish no one else to service my clocks in the future! YOU CANNOT GO WRONG WITH THESE FOLKS! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Thank-you so much for all that you have done to restore my precious time pieces!
4 ||| Good selection, but it will cost you.. Multiple fridges of cold beer, but only the cheap beer is cold.. Nice in person, but rude on the phone.. Parking lot, but none of the customers understand how to park.. . Every good thing about this place is equaled with a bad thing about this place - hence it probably deserves 3 stars. I would really give it a 3.5 if available as this is currently my beer distributor of choice, but since its not possible I have to go with 4.. . Why 4 you ask, when I just went through all that 3 star crap? Any place that offers beer samples provided by attractive women gets a half star boost for sure, and as long as I'm going there anyway it really makes for a more interesting trip.. . After all, if you don't like free beer, you are probably a terrorist.
4 ||| My beer distributor of choice - and there are others located closer to me.. . Let's be clear, it is no frills, cases of beer stacked up, limited cases in the cooler.  Selection is ok - if I were looking for something obscure - I wouldn't count on them having it.. . But they are helpful and efficient.  They have convenient hours and parking**.  Also they helped me out in a keg emergency that saved a party.  Service in a jam earns my loyalty.. . **Note - most of their customers have no idea how to park in said parking lot.
4 ||| Great selection.  HOWEVER, only the cheap beers I've never admit to drinking are kept in the coolers.  So if you want local microbrews, seasonals, or even Blue Moon, you're going to want to leave time to chill the bottles before your next shindig.. . Having only acquired a taste for beer while living in Tennessee--where beer can be bought in grocery stores, gas stations, and shady alleys--the prices seem steep to me.  But I don't have much experience buying alcohol off-premise in PA, so I'm only deducting one star here.. . There is a parking lot, but it's small and everyone parks crookedly, so good luck  with that.
4 ||| Ok. Full disclosure: I know NOTHING about beer. I'm a wine girl, or a hard-booze girl, but NEVER a beer girl. And yet somehow, I wind up being the girl who is sent out to buy beer for the party full of random people at our house who all like different beer.. . Here's a rundown of what happened on a recent night that this occurred at Pistella's:. . Me: ::wanders around for 15 minutes overwhelmed with beer choices, before giving up and going to the register::. Dude working at Pistella's: Need help?. Me: Yes. I do not drink this stuff, but everyone coming to my house tonight does. Help!. Dude: Any idea what your friends like?. Me: Umm... my husband likes to drink Dos Equis. My one friend likes 'lighter' beers. Oh, and I am broke because I just bought a lot of chips and salsa at Whole Foods.. Dude: Girl just follow me. Here, we are having a sale on the Dos Equis variety pack. That has something for all of your friends. It even has a Christmas beer to make everyone get in the holiday spirit! You will be the hero of the party! And I will carry this to the register for you and everything.. Me: Thank you!. My friends, later that night: Girl you rock. We are all happy with this beer, and that leaves more vodka for you!. . So that is why I choose Pistella's when I am sent out on beer run: because there are cool dudes working there who will help me not come home with a case of Jacob's Best. (Nor does anyone give me crap for not understanding beer - I like that!)
4 ||| Ha! The parking lot is good, and yet nobody can ever park properly or politely! This is a good distributor that is conveniently located, well-stocked, and has friendly staff. It is a little unfortunate that the only cases that are kept in the cooler are the less exotic beers, but their selection is fairly broad, and the space is small, so I won't dwell too much on that. Overall, a decent beer shop, as long as we are shackled to the idea of the distributor here in PA.
3 ||| I stopped by here on my way home from whole foods market. They had just paved there parking lot which can only fit 3 max cars at a time. It was not as big as the one I normally shop at in Penn Hills. They are a beer distributor and have a way hugger selection. But they serve all of penn hills so go figure.. . I was looking for a gluten free beer which they had four kinds including cider. The prices were crazy expensive. $35 for a 24 pack of cider. NO way!! . . I had to buy it though cause it was sunday at 4:30 and all the stores close at 5 so i had no choice. I should have waited but i drove all the way here to get it so I should just buy it while i'm there. Aside from the money issue this place was just ok to me.
4 ||| We are fans of Pistella Beer Distributors simply because we needed beer one night while visiting some friends and family in Pittsburgh and they happened to be on the way to something we were doing.  It's a hole in the wall kind of facade but they do have a good selection.  I don't remember the price being that expensive but looking at the average review so far...it shows $$$$.  I'm sure they have some nice stuff, but we just got a case of beer (I think one of those Magic Hat variety packs) and it seemed similar to what we would pay in the other stores.  Anyway, we had a good experience with this place and don't really have anything bad to say about them.
4 ||| This is my go-to distributer. They have a great selection and lots of hard to find brews. I haven't noticed that it's any more expensive than going elsewhere but honestly if I don't buy here then I'm buying six packs which as we all know are a huuugggge rip off. So any time I have a case of something I love I feel like I'm getting a bargain. The cold selection does suck so I try to plan ahead and have what I need already cold. Staff here are all very helpful- and will have recommendations if you ask.
5 ||| In my opinion, this is the best distributor in the city. The people running it are great, the selection is very good, and the prices are competitive with almost any other place I've been to. Because I'm not too picky, I typically have been stopping right at the front to buy the discounted brew that's usually out of season. You can't beat buying a case for $12.99. I'll continue to go here for my beer needs until I leave the city.
4 ||| Love these guys! I have a huge picnic every year for my job, and I always use Pistella for my beverages.  They're nice folks, always get the order right, and it's on time.  I've also been to the store itself many times, and they do indeed have a great selection.
4 ||| after trying a couple groomers in Pittsburgh, we found Animal Elegance. They always took good care of our poodle. Clean poodle feet and an even cut. . You should try them too.
5 ||| i was a vet tech for 6 years so I'm pretty particular about people caring for my pets. The groomer (becky) listened to what I wanted and did exactly what we had discussed. My dog always seems quite happy and relaxed after a grooming there. (a really good sign). Also, they are recommended by one of my favorite pet shops in Pittsburgh, Smiley's Pet Pad. I wholeheartedly trust Animal Elegance to take proper care of my little furry friends.
4 ||| Animal Elegance is not much on the outside but the owner was very nice & LISTENED to how I wanted my teacup poodle groomed and used the products that I requested.. I was very happy with my services and I will return. .  My poodles groom was $50,including tip, which I think is very reasonable.
4 ||| I just moved to Pittsburgh and I  took the word of other reviewers when making my decision to give Animal Elegance a try. My two standard poodles looked GREAT and seemed very happy after our visit! I would have given Amy and her crew five stars but the price was a good deal more than I am used to paying. I had hoped to come back every two to three weeks but it is just too expenseive for that. I may have to find another groomer for touch ups in between visits to Animal Elegance.. I feel like this is similar to a "special occasion" retaurant: One where you would go all the time if the price was just a bit lower for regular customers....
5 ||| I use their services regularly. They in fact are the only place I will take my dog "Gaffney". The location is right off the main street.  She is always extremely well groomed when they are done.  They are worth the price.
1 ||| I had a very unfortunate experience with this groomer. My dog  was not groomed to my specifications; infact she was butchered. I went to the trouble of taking a photo of my dog with  the haircut that I wanted, as well as speaking with the woman who assured me she would be grooming my dog. The owner groomed my dog, not the woman that I spoke with and she looked nothing like my dog when I picked her up. The owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service. Do not take your dog there to be groomed!
1 ||| They made my Portuguese Water Dog look horrible. . . They actually sheared all the fur from my dog claiming that it was matted and therefore they had no choice. This isn't true as I personally brush my dog every morning. When I complained, the owner said: "But we did tell you that we will cut the dog's fur short."  Yes, they did, and I thought that considering that the days are hot in August, they are proposing a little cooler grooming. I never expected them to just shear the dog to the skin. . I think they did it because they are hopelessly irresponsible. Although they charged $70 for this brutally simple operation they have not even trimmed dog's ears and tail. Consequently, the dog has disproportionally long hair on its tail and the ears. . I used Animal Elegance for more than a decade. Long before current management took over. Over all these years I sometimes took in stride their accessional compromise of standards and always paid their exorbitant prices without complaint. However, this fragrant negligence, combined with their total disregard of the fact that I was an old and loyal customer did it. I will avoid this place from now on and would like to suggest that you do the same.
5 ||| This place is the best! We won't take our dog anywhere else for grooming. It's a very mom & pop type of place. They genuinely cared for our puppy, not to mention the perfect job they did on the cut and washing. Everyone who works here seems to treat the animals with the upmost care. Such a convenient location on Butler Street near Lawrencevillle. Can't wait to go back!! Thank you so much!!!
4 ||| This is my go to place to get my Yorkiepoo groomed. The surrounding area looks a little "sad", but let's face it, lots of areas look like that here in Pittsburgh. Inside, however, the place appears newer and well kept. My dog has gotten consistently good haircuts here and she's always in a good mood when I pick her up. That's a keeper in my books! Oh, and the cost is about $45-50, which I'd say is average for most groomers I've gone to.
4 ||| I wound up here the other night after walking down the street because of a 45 minute wait at Point Brugge Cafe.  While my friends and I were leery of the prices on the menu, the owner cajoled us into coming inside and were seated right away.  I'm glad he did!  The menu is rather expansive, but mainly focuses on Italian fare with an occasional jab at the more popular Pointe Brugge up the street: mussels and fries.. . It happened to be lasagna night.  Because I am used to the home cooked variety, I had a hard time shelling out $18 for lasagna.  I selected the wild mushroom and spinach option and it also came with the soup of the day, which happened to be gumbo.  Both were very good.  The gumbo had a very earthy taste along with good amounts of sausage, jumbo lump crab, and risotto mixed in.  Rather than being the layered the lasagna was one giant noodle, the size of the entire plate, stuffed with a generous amount of mushrooms and spinach folded over itself with marinara and cheese.  Didn't get a chance to try dessert.. . Both items I had were rather tasty, and I would easily come back here for a great meal.
2 ||| I made it back here about two weeks ago.  I must say the experience was night and day compared to the one at the end of July.  Whether or not it was an off night I do not know, but the place was loud and crowded, the service was bad, and the food was mediocre at best.  I should have just waited it out at Point Brugge.  I won't becoming back anytime soon.
1 ||| I've been told several times that this place had a great brunch.  Upon arrival, the menu was very limited and the service was abysmal despite a nearly empty restaurant.  We literally waited 15 mins. at our table and then left prior to ordering.
2 ||| I often have lunch at the nearby Point Brugge Cafe, but I decided to give Pino's a try today for a change of pace.  Bad idea.  My lady friend and I started with a pair of appetizers: greens & beans and "Italian frites."  The latter, which the menu described as "fresh cut, twice cooked, fresh herbs & roasted garlic," were basically just regular-ass french fries - decent, but nowhere near worth their $6 price tag.  The greens and beans were even more of a rip-off: 8 FREAKIN' DOLLARS for a smallish bowl of rather flavorless produce.  Talk about a profit margin!. . As a main course we shared a flatbread with goat cheese, caramelized onions, and roasted red pepper.  It was pretty good, but my enjoyment was diminished by the FM radio that was blaring through the loudspeakers.  Who wants to hear car commercials while eating a meal at a "nice" restaurant?  Classless.. . Conclusion: I'd rather wait 45 minutes for a table at Point Brugge than be seated immediately at Pino's.
4 ||| It's a shame that some of the other reviewers had poor experiences. I discovered Pino's after deciding that the wait for Point Brugge simply wasn't worth it.. . The brunch was very good, I enjoyed the atmosphere, particularly the "missing" wall which gives the appearance of outdoor seating, and particularly liked not having to sit shoulder-to-shoulder with other people.. . My sole comment would be that the owner, who was very friendly, should let his food speak for itself rather than being so concerned about the neighborhood competition.
4 ||| I must admit that the first time I went to Pino's (about 6 months ago), I was NOT a fan for several reasons.  However, after coming home from brunch, the experience was enough to not only completely change my mind, but to keep me coming back.. . My boyfriend had the scallops and I have the pino benedict (eggs benedict, of course).  My boyfriend literally looked like he was having a religious experience with the scallops.  His eyes were closed, he was moaning, and it took him about 25 minutes to eat 3 scallops.  He said it was the first time in his life that he ever wanted to take so much time to chew his food.. My dish was delicious and the in-house made bread was fresh and savory.  . . Overall, I am very pleased with the lunch menu and the range of dishes that are available.  We'll definitely be back for brunch.
2 ||| Pino's appears to fashion itself something of a nouveau-Italian, smart casual neighborhood restaurant, and it's literally just that. Translation: the menu is uninspired and predictable. A relatively encompassing selection of appetizers and entrees revealed not quite a soul-crushing, but certainly a lackadaisical attitude toward ingredients, recipes and presentation, though the service was refreshingly excellent. Unfortunately, the only other reason you'd be dining in Point Breeze would be to enjoy the amazing Point Brugge Cafe just down the street. As a previous reviewer mentioned, I stopped in simply because the Brugge was full, but I unfortunately won't be making that mistake again.
1 ||| What a disappointment!! Evening started pretty badly and did not get much better.  . We had reservations for 5 people at 7PM this past Saturday. Two of us were there early and rudely treated by the hostess. She was vague about seating us and we decided to wait at the bar. When the rest of our group arrived (on time!!), I informed the hostess and she looked at me blankly and then the packed restaurant.  She told me it would be awhile. Huh? When asked what "awhile" was, she said 20min.  But then seated us in 5 (she had to bus a table which I take it as one of the things she dislikes about her job - that and people).. . Food was a let down. Potato latkes were greasy and blah.  Fish tacos were recommended and were basically fried fish sticks.  Pumpkin risotta was heavy and confusing flavor wise.  Others had the same sentiments.. . Service was rough.  Long waits and lack of attentiveness. Noise level (couldn't converse at all) made the night just a bit harer to tolerate.. Not sure Pino's will get a repeat visit.  Disappointment:(
1 ||| Bland food and poor service. Its a shame since it's a great location and could be much more, especially since there is always overflow from nearby point brugge.
4 ||| In similar fashion to Joseph S. I, too, decided to give Pino's a shot once we saw how packed nearby Point Brugge, which had initially drawn our party due to its reputation, was. It was a relatively nice evening, and I thought the concept of fresh-air dining was too good to pass us by. We were immediately greeted by Jen, one of the co-owners, as we entered. I made it a point to compliment the beautiful inlaid tile in our tabletop, and she volunteered some additional information about their production that I found to be very interesting. . . I really loved the bistro burger. I requested it to be prepared "Medium", and sure enough it lived up to my expectations---you'd be surprised how many times I've ordered a medium burger only to have it served well-done and nearly bone-dry at other restaurants. Nicole, our waitress, proved her weight in gold when she reassured me that gorgonzola would be a good cheese to accompany the bacon on the burger. We also ordered the macaroni & cheese as an appetizer. I thought the ziti was a bit dry, but the sauce and cheese were delicious. We really loved the bread and the garlic butter spread. I was hoping for an oil & vinegar blend to have with the bread, but the spread served as a surprisingly tasty alternative. My partner's ravioli looked delicious, and he let me try one of his meatballs, which I found to have that "homemade" flavor that's difficult to find at many restaurants. Our friend loved her arugula salad, and as a seafood aficionado I was impressed by the very generous size of the shrimp she had. Our service was prompt---our water glasses had barely gone half-empty before our waitress scurried over to replenish them. . . Overall we loved our experience and WILL be back! We were told about Pino's legendary Sunday brunches, and I look forward to trying one myself the next Sunday I have off from work.
4 ||| Enjoyed a wonderful evening eating outdoors on a perfect Pittsburgh spring night.  The charcuterie plate worked well as an appetizer for 3 and included a fantastic balsamic dressing.  I had the best pasta and white clam sauce I've ever experienced, and the other members of our party enjoyed their entrees, as well.  Nice find in the Point Breeze neighborhood.
3 ||| TASTY OPTION FOR SUNDAY BRUNCH . . I've read the reviews and what seems to ring true is that Pino's has a good Sunday Brunch. Thankfully that's when me and my gang decided to check out this little lovely! . . Brunch menu has both traditional brunch fair and some Italian twists. My mum had Challah French toast and loved it. Pops had their breakfast risotto with a fried egg on top - I tried that and it had a nice kick to it.. . Other folks at the table had the eggs Benedict, salad, and Sammy. Over all everyone was happy and it was only half full so easy to talk and hang out. . . And for the music complainer (you whining stinker) we had a nice iPod mix on when we were there!
5 ||| My favorite Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh.  All-time favorite dish:  eggplant parmesan with their spicy arrabbiata sauce, I had to ask for them to make it that way.  Not your typical layers of fried, heavy eggplant--lighter, chunkier eggplant that melts in your mouth.  My favorite appetizer there is the sizzling olives--they bring you a little cast iron skillet and throw olives in it--they soften and are so wonderful to eat!  Flavor explodes in your mouth!  Also good is ther roasted veggie platter and charcuterie plate.  We typically go on less crowded days, as the restaurant is small--but we've always had excellent service and the food comes out hot and fresh!
4 ||| this place had a great selection. The mussels were outstanding and the staff was very professional!!. TRY IT YOU WILL LIKE IT!!!!!
5 ||| I like this place so much! Unpretentious. Everything is made from scratch. Service is amazing. Lots of small plates. Great wine deals... Definitely worth a trip.
1 ||| BEFORE Pino's was renovated, it was a tiny, unpretentious, hole-in-the-wall restaurant with a friendly atmosphere, and amazing Italian food. It was also a BYOB, which I love. This was our "go-to" restaurant.. . AFTER Pino's was renovated, there was a complete transformation. While the interior is now very nice, It's no longer a BYOB, and the staff is full of attitude, which seems to stem from the total arrogance of Pino himself.. . On our most recent visit, we were a party of four with reservations at 7:30 PM. We arrived at 7:25, and weren't even acknowledged until 7:40 PM. Pino was playing maitre d', and when he finally acknowledged our presence he seemed totally clueless and was overtly UN-apologetic. There were no open tables, despite having reservations. When 8:00 PM rolled around, I was frantically calling other local restaurants to see if we could get in. No such luck, since it was prime dining time on Saturday night. Finally, around 8:30 PM, the waitstaff brought a two person table up from the basement, crowded four chairs around it and jammed it into the middle of the restaurant for us to sit in. Pino then literally threw our menu's at us, and walked away. Not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience.. . The food is still good here, but I refuse to give my money to someone who CLEARLY does not appreciate your business. There are SO many good restaurants in the area, with owners/chefs who are happy to have you. Next time you think about going here, walk an extra block to the Point Brugge Cafe.
5 ||| Six of us went to dinner, six of us had fabulous meals!  My husband said his seafood fra diavlo was the best he ever ate, not a bit fishy--loaded with fresh seafood and a spicy sauce.  My son had the carbonara which he described as fabulous.  My daughter had the roasted veggie platter as her meal (it is a large appetizer), and I also sampled it--the vegetables and olives were marinated and grilled perfectly.  My father had the skirt steak which he loved, and my son had a sausage pizza.  Both said they were delish!  I usually get the eggplant parmesan with their spicy arribiata sauce but this time I had a pasta dish loaded with artichokes and shrimp in a spicy sauce.  It was excellent!  . . It was my father's birthday, and they brought out a Tiramisu for us to share (we didn't even ask for it), and that was luscious as well!  The staff was as nice as can be--we will be back without a doubt!. . I love this place!
5 ||| "God this is the best eggplant that I have ever tasted!"  was what our friend said after he took his first bite of the Sicilian eggplant served at Pino's.  My husband couldn't wait to have the seafood fra diavlo, which he had last time...again, a 10 out of 10!  I had the roasted veggie platter for my entree, which is really an appetizer--and I had to share--way too much for one person to eat.  Another comment from our friend (who was a first timer at Pino's) was that it was the best Italian dressing that he ever had.  As I write, I want to go back for dinner tonight!!. . Forgot to mention, they also have local beers on tap (East End Brewery), the men enjoyed the Homewood brew (dark lager type beer), it's great to see the owners supporting local businesses!
4 ||| I went to Pino's to celebrate a friends birthday on a Thursday night.  I hadn't been in Pino's since they renovated, but I have to say that they made the interior beautiful.  We made reservations, but I don't think we would have needed them since there was just a few other parties seated when we came in.  . . My two girlfriends and I always have a tough time deciding what to order...so naturally we order one of everything that looks good.  We started with the Charcuterie platter, which was a mix of absolutely delicious prosciutto, capicola, and soppressata with a bit of veggies and mozzarella.  This was an impressive way to start out the meal.  We all wanted to try the seasonal ravioli, which was pumpkin (too tempting for three certified pumpkin fanatics), so we got an order to share as an appetizer.  This was unlike other pumpkin ravioli I've had...very pumpkiny.  The ravioli was good, although we all agreed that we wouldn't have been able to eat a whole order.  It was very sweetly spiced and I was missing a little bit of savory with the dish.  . . I ordered the grilled sausage pizza for my entree, and was pleased with it.  I admittedly never get too excited about pizza, and this was good, but nothing that I was dreaming about later that night.  Overall, the food was a 3-4 for me.  . . The service was outstanding.  Our waiter was very welcoming and knowledgable.  My friends got dessert, and when the chef (I assume Chef Pino?) came over to ask how it was, my friend jokingly said that it was delicious, but would be perfect with a bit of sauce.  Before she could take another bite, he whisked both of the desserts away and added fresh strawberries and sauce, saying that he would be serving the dish that way for now on.  Talk about service!  The whole experience was fantastic, service gets a 5.  . . Added bonus:  Awesome beer selection, some brews I haven't seen.  Only place I've been that had East End Homewood Reserve on tap for me to try (exciting for a beer dork like me, and it is tasty, by the way).
3 ||| I have had lunch at Pinos's several times probably at least 5 times. Usually I am there  for a business lunch when I am in the area. I find that we are well served, not rushed and the noise level is not too loud at lunch We have several times asked the Chef to make us some special version of his menu and we are always accommodated. To me this is excellent service. Makes you feel like coming back.. I would have to admit that I usually order the garlic fries which are really great. I do this if I am not going back to the office or out to meet a client.. Normally I would add a soup of the day which are always nice, and a sandwich of the day. . I have never been disappointed and certainly would continue to conduct business lunches here. Pino's has been very reliable and dependable in all aspects.  I would make it 3 1/2 stars.
1 ||| The food here is ok but not worth the price. $15 corking fee? $9 a glass of garbage wine? Me thinks not.. . What really tops it off is the owner is beyond rude and doesn't care about the business. I heard it used to be much better but now I don't know anyone who eats there...
5 ||| Another really good meal here!  My friend and I went for soup and appetizers--and licked the plates clean!  Gazpacho, pasta fagiole, homemade bread, eggplant with mozzarella and my favorite...the roasted veggie platter.  So much food we didn't think we would eat it, but it was so good we did!  They also had their doors open and we were able to sit outside in the cool summer air--great way to kick of summer!
4 ||| I decided to try Pino's due to the restaurant week special and boy am I glad that I did! My husband and I made reservations for four on Friday night. We were seated almost immediately on the lovely outdoor patio area. It was a great night to be outside. Although the restuarant is small, the ambiance is wonderful. I could tell thet the guests around me were enjoying themselves as well.. . The table decided to order the 3 course menu for 30$ because of the large amount of options. We each decided on a different entree so that we were able to share and get a good idea of all the restaurant has to offer. I started off with a mixed green salad with grileld pears, walnuts and goat cheese. The pears had a nice smokeyness about them that complimented the sweet vinagarette. For my entree, I chose the Arrabiata with rigatoni. The dish was very good but much more spicy than I had expected. I feel that they should have informed me of this or explained the spice level on the menu. Luckily, I enjoy spicy food but I was unable to finish the entree due to the spice level. It was slightly less spicy when I finished it for lunch the next day. My husband had the veal and risotto which he loved. For dessert, I orderedthe peach mille feuille. The portion size was enormous and the peaches were ripe and tasty. However, the marscapone filling hardly tasted of marscapone. I had the opportunity to try my husband's white chocolate tiramisu and was pleasantly surprised by the light but still rich flavors. Our dinner guests also seemed to enjoy their choices as well. . . Overall, I would definitely recommend Pino's for a nice, romantic date night out in Point Breeze. However, I wish they offered the 3 course menu as a regular feature.
2 ||| I grew up just the street from Pino's and my family were probably its most regular customers -- we got take-out at least once or twice a week for many many years, and always enjoyed the pizza and hot subs. I've just been back for the first time in 6 years after moving away, and was pretty unimpressed... The decor looks nice, but the food was wayyyyy overpriced for what it was. $22 dollars for a plate of pasta, really? It claimed to be "fresh pasta," but it was completely tough and chewy (not "al dente," just undercooked), and not very large. I'm not sure when the restaurant changed, but I think it really missed the mark... People WANT a casual, friendly, affordable neighborhood place that they can bring the kids to. Why take that away?
5 ||| New fall items on the menu--their grilled romaine salad is fabulous!
2 ||| Went here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition. . . We were one of two tables there and a bunch of staff showing up during the meal. . . Our waitress was good, but that couldn't save the food.. . The meal started out with some what I guess used to be foccacia.  I say used to be because it no longer represented anything other than long pieces of brick or bark very stale and tasteless.. . We ordered the vegetable board which was probably the best thing we ordered with light and bright vegetables perfectly cooked and paired with two delicious sauces. . . Then we ordered the octopus which was fine, but very cold and the octopus had little to no flavor, being overwhelmed by the citrus in the dish. . . The tuscan wings were ok, but they were really ordered for my husband who seemed to enjoy them. . . Finally the diver scallops.  This dish was indeible.  The scallops were very overcooked and the pea puree was so minty I was unable to eat it. We sent it back and they did take off half of the price (weren't expecting anything just didn't want to eat it). . . After that we decided against dessert and left.  I probably will not return.
3 ||| I struggle with this review. I wish I could give it a 4, but I really can't hate on it like everyone else. Their wait staff has always been super attentive and friendly, and their happy hours are great! But, a lot of their entrees are a little meh for me, especially for the price. Stick to happy hour for wine/cheese platters, and enjoy a nice summer evening here.
2 ||| Nice atmosphere with above average food. This restaurant has a lot of potential. The wait staff was far below average: They were slow, and we had to ask multiple times for things. They were not the most polite wait staff, and our waitress was either a little demeaning or very socially awkward.
2 ||| We were huge fans of Pinos a few years back before the wine bar concept was adopted. In all honesty, we haven't been back for a year though we kept saying " we have to get to Pinos!" Needless to say, we were disappointed.  The place has changed and not for the better.  It seems in an effort to create a quaint wine bar, Pinos lost sight of the original draw and that was the food.  The menu has been scaled back considerably.  Though the food was adequate, it's not the same.  I came here because the food was amazing and with that no longer being the case, I doubt we will return.  Hopefully, things will change back to how they were.  Customer advice for what it's worth.  Refocus on great italian food not a wine bar concept.   Sometimes a liquor license is not the best investment!!!
3 ||| Small portions. Over priced food. Very small menu (dinner). Was OK, but disappointing overall.
5 ||| I live in Connecticut and visit family in Pittsburgh often. Pino's is my favorite Pittsburgh restaurant. . . I don't have one favorite dish because I usually order one of the specials, which change often. I ordered from the regular menu for the first time a couple of weeks ago. The Bolognese sauce on tagliatelle pasta (I think the menu has it on rigatoni) was as good as what I had in Italy. My son had the seafood risotto. It was so good, I need to order it next time.. . My brother is a retired chef and hates to eat out because few restaurants are worth paying for what he can make better at home. He loved his meal and his tastes of everyone else's at the table (there were 10 of us). He was giddy to enjoy eating out for the first time in in a long time.. . Oh, they also make great cocktails and have a very, very nice wine list.. . Oh, if you think you can only get good fries and mussels at the Belgium place around the corner, try Pino's. The fries are topped with crispy herbs... yum!. . No, it isn't cheap. But, I'm happy to pay for quality.
1 ||| Very disappointing meal.  After waiting for a half hour, my meal arrived and we were told that my friend's meal would be coming in a few minutes. Very awkward.t.  Salad was average at best.  The beets tasted like canned beets and the chicken was covered with blackish oil from a burnt oil pan.. .   Then, to make matters worse the chef came out to argue with a patron who returned her food.  The chef came out to humiliate the customer explaining that her returned steak was great and himself was enjoying it.  Eating food from a customers plate was a real turn-off....what else does he do when cooking? . . To make matters worse, when paying the bill, the chef did not have change for a $100 bill for the customer who returned her steak..  It was very uncomfortable watching the elderly customer and her young friend deal with the situation. He kept  loudly requesting a credit card  and the women did not have one.   Another customer provided them with change as the chef crumbled the check. I think I would have just left and not paid....give the lady great for dealing with such a lunatic.. . Long story short....if you want to eat below average food and watch a chef loose it....this is your place!
1 ||| This was the place I brought friends visiting from out of town when I wanted to show them the classy Italian  spots in Pittsburgh. After my visit last night, I have no desire to ever go again. . . I don't know the owner, Joe, personally but he has stopped by our table a few times and said "dish looks beautiful." He was always confident in his food which I guess is a good thing if the good is delicious,  which it usually is  . . The table next to ours had a two women, a mother and daughter. The mother asked the server for a new steak as hers was a bit salty (I've never had the steak as I'm vegetarian but my guests have mentioned the abundance of salt). The server apologizes and returns to the kitchen. The owner comes out and fakes an apology claiming his steaks are perfect. At this point the whole restaurant is listening it's that crazy.  The  best part? He comes out again and says "I really enjoyed the steak you sent back." He was eating the steak and had some in his mouth! I can't make stuff like this up!. At this point the whole place feels bad for the mother and daughter. Clearly an awkward situation. The owner got so nasty the daughter tried to reason with him and he said "it's not my job to make people happy" that's strange considering he wants our business. . So the mother tries to pay the bill with a $100 and leave but he said they can't make change. Eventually another customer helps make change and they leave.. . I couldn't finish my dinner I was so mad.  Maybe Joe was having a bad day but there is no excuse for how he treated those customers.  Sorry, we will never step foot in here again.
1 ||| If you don't like your food... do not send it back to the kitchen... The "Chef" will come out and scream at you... Stay away from this place.
5 ||| I have been going to Pino's for several years with my family so I feel well qualified to give a balanced review rather than basing it on a single experience, good or bad. Every restaurant can have a bad day. And even the worst places can please some customers every now and then. . . What you get at Pino's is great service and excellent food. If your idea of Italian is the Olive Garden, you are in for an education and a treat. This is the real deal. We have a family of picky eaters including a full blown celiac and we all love it.. . Yes, over the years I have twice seen owner/chef Joe unhappy with unhappy customers. In one case the customer was arrogant and offensive. On the other occasion, Joe should have swallowed his pride if only to avoid the coordinated revenge reviews that followed.
3 ||| Pinos offers an unhappy marriage of good food at bad prices.  The food is tasty but not transcendent.  The prices in the high $20's for most of the entrees are not justified by the quality, location, or portions.  The food is essentially slightly hipper Olive Garden fare at double the prices.. . For dinner entrees you can get more for your money elsewhere.  But it's not all bad.  The atmosphere is pleasant and the service was excellent.  I had a good time and I'd happily go back for appetizers (most are $8-10).. . Pino's is frequented by a large rambunctious flock of malbec massacring 40-50 year old women.  My friend and I were the only males there.  If cougar hunting is your sport of choice, you'll feel right at home in Pino's jungle safari!
5 ||| Bruno's is by far the best garage I've ever taken my car to, either here in Pittsburgh or in Los Angeles where I used to live. I drive a 2000 Saab, so believe me, I have A LOT of experience getting my car repaired. The two brothers who own Bruno's are great. They are very knowledgeable, they're very willing to help you and, above all, they're honest, which I've found is a  rare commodity when it comes to mechanics. I cannot possibly recommend Bruno's highly enough.
5 ||| Absolutely amazing guys here! We were in Pittsburgh visiting my family and the driver's seatbelt stopped working. Day after Thanksgiving and these guys got us in despite obviously being incredibly busy.  It turns out that a piece of plastic had gotten stuck in the buckle. Now we are able to drive home. Thanks!!!!!
5 ||| I've taken my car here several times and have never been anything but pleased. The workers are courteous, and any work I've ever needed on my car has always been done very quickly. The prices are fair; I've never felt that I'm being scammed over because I'm a woman. I've made the mistake of going other places in the area, but no more--the people at Broadway are honest, friendly, and efficient. I won't take my car anywhere else from now on.
5 ||| Broad way is the only place I take my car on the East End. Customer service is through the roof, and I never have any doubt that they do things right and efficiently. They will let me know if something might need fixed in the near future, but have never put pressure on me to pay for more than is immediately necessary. They are good at explaining what is wrong, and don't use the scare tactic that other garages use (using big words and jargon to confuse you into buying more service).  I trust these guys!
5 ||| I've taken my car to various garages in Pittsburgh throughout the year.  Most of the one's that have 5 stars generally fell short of my expectation except for Broadway Auto.  This garage is by far the most honest, friendly, affordable, fast and trustworthy.  Historically I would end up taking it to Pep Boys because they were cheapest.  I initially went to Bway to cross confirm whether my rear brakes needed to be changed as per Pep Boys.  Bway said everything was fine front and rear and just charged me for inspection.  I felt that showed integrity as plenty of other garages could have changed it out and made money on my lack of knowledge.  It's nice to support a local business that deserves it.
3 ||| These guys do everything by the book.. I had lapsed in my PenDot stickers and registration, and they helped me get that together (they won't work on your car if it's registration isn't valid).. . They told me my 2004 Toyota would need new wipers to pass safety inspection. They had me, but the cost was reasonable.
4 ||| Bastone offered me a fair price for the work they did.  I took it there to get a second opinion and despite the fact that they have a sign saying they charge for check-ups, it was free.  They quickly got back to me telling me what had to be done and what they recommended giving detailed reasoning behind it.. . At no point did I feel like they were trying to cheat me or up-sell me.  And they were the cheapest place I checked out.
1 ||| Definitely overpriced for what they offered.  Took my car in to check my AC, they didn't get back to me for the whole day, and decided to fix whatever the problem was without asking me and charging me an insane about (approximately $150 more than most places).  Definitely will not go back there again.
5 ||| I was passing through Pittsburgh and discovered a headlight was out.  I found Bastone through Yelp and drove over.  . . They fixed the light on the spot charging me $12.  First impressions are great - very clean repair shop and the service for this minor repair was done in a friendly and welcoming manner.
5 ||| Bastone is the best auto service I have found in the US.  I have trusted my car to them for all the years I have been in Pittsburgh and I do not plan on changing them.  They are very professional, logical prices, and they make everything possible to meet your time schedule if you ask them for.  They even give some perks for "loyalty" customers (e.g., free oil change for every 6 oil changes you do there - of course this means every 2.5-3 years but still).  The also have a shuttle to drop you off (I have never used it but I have seen other people using it).  However, because they are so good they are very busy too, so make an appointment ahead of time.  They are also not open during weekends.
4 ||| Love this place, really nice people willing to help and pretty decent prices..
5 ||| I am emotionally attached to this place.This place has given me food and given me a place to go to early morning's when all the clubs are closed.:).    The night starts by saying-"It's Party Time" and eventually ends at Giant Eagle at times.Three cheers for Giant Eagle!!! .    Now,i have to cheat on you,by going to Ralphs in West Coast.Sigh.... Oh,that became more of a letter to Giant Eagle(Giggles).For the note,its a huge Grocery store,and it's close to CMU and Upitt.. . -Smriti
2 ||| I cannot in my life understand why this Giant Eagle, of all the Giant Eagles, would get a five star rating.  From the moment you walk into here it's like someone has hit you on the head very hard and you walk around in a confused state the rest of the time you're in there.. . The set up is ridiculous.  I mean, who wants to walk around in the freezer section and then go through a smaller than usual end of the aisle to see, SURPRISE, the meat section hidden off in an area where they could have knocked down the wall so you didn't have to do a little dance to get to it.  Aisles seem extra long in this store, you can tell that they worked with the space they had.  It's like when you are half way through the aisle and realize it's too late to turn around because it's the same distance to the end as it was to the beginning of the aisle, but you kind of just want to give up and sit on the floor because you feel like you've been walking forever.  . . Honestly, I only went here because I was at Target and didn't want to venture any further to complete my shopping.
2 ||| This Giant Eagle seems more like a GetGo than an actual supermarket. As soon as you get in you want to get out as quickly as possible.. .  You don't want to do any major grocery shopping here. For one, the prices are high. Secondly, this Giant Eagle does not carry everything you need. Who has time to run to another store? Just get your basic necessities here.. . As for produce, it can be awful at times. Whenever I go to Giant Eagle Market District down the street, the produce is fresh and smells invigorating.  However, at Shakespeare, you are bound to find produce with wrinkles, open areas, mold and fruit flies- being sold at the same high prices. I can go to Trader Joe's and find much better produce for less.. . A pet peeve of mine is the self-checkout lines. Two of them are express lanes for items less than 12; the other lane has a belt if more than 12 items are being purchased. There should be TWO LINES but for some reason customers want to form one long super line, which holds up everything. The staff rarely sorts this out.. The customer service is average here and I don't expect it to get any better.. . I only go here if I have to grab one or two items. The best times to go are early in the morning or late at night.
1 ||| Been yelled at by other customers (today for instance)...place is super ghetto...avoid at all cost. Today, left a full cart bacause a woman (with a baby in a stoller) shouted at me for "cutting in line". Will never go back. At night it is a nightmare.
5 ||| I been going to this place since the 90s and this place is the MIDDLE CLASS GE. I stopped going to this place since I got a job at whole foods. My mom went here a two weeks ago for the first tine in a long time she say that the people are still there and the place looks better and the people are a lot friendly now. . So if you don't what too shop at a Middle Class food store in East Liberty then go to The Market in Shadyside.
2 ||| I agree with other reviews, this store is poorly laid out and honestly makes no sense. Sometimes bigger is not always better. I used to head here often while living near Shadyside to stop at the Family Dollar & hit GE in one run. . . I normally only stopped here for a Redbox movie. My debit card got hacked at an outdoor Redbox at a Get Go so I'll only go to a Redbox that is indoor like this one. . . Anyways, I'd hit up the liquor store for some wine afterwards for dealing with long lines/wait & awkward clientele outside.
1 ||| Figure I'd give Supercuts a shot since Giant Eagle sells their gift cards so it is great for fuelperks.  I don't remember her name but she is one of the "bigger" woman there.  I wanted to grow out my hair longer but it was looking messy.  So I asked her for a trim to get the sides/back cleaned up.  She said ok and off she goes.  5 minutes later, we were done.   Yes, just like a bad date, we were done in 5 minutes.. . I got home, showered, and saw the damage.  It was messy.  What's worst is every day it grows, it looked even worst.. . I'll just stick to my usual barber.
3 ||| Nothing spectacular, but I go there regularly, and generally get a cut that works fine for at least a couple of months.  They did a good job after I had a botched cut overseas (hairdressers in Japan are, understandably, not necessarily qualified to work on non-Asian hair, as they don't cut a lot of it). Parking can be tough, depending on time of day--there's a shared private lot, but it's small.
1 ||| I wish I could return a haircut.. . Unfortunately Kelly, Melissa, and Jen were not there so I settled for whoever was free at the time. . . Worst trim of my life:. she cut off over an inch more than just the dead/split ends. she did not cut the hair how I described initially. she did not change the cut to how I repeated during the cut when I noticed she was cutting it straight across instead of curving it in the back, which does NOT mix well with my curly hair. after retelling her how I wanted it cut, she compared this tragedy to deaths of family/friends and how I should get over it. the beautiful long layers I had and wanted again are now choppy, medium layers. my left side is even choppier than the right side of my hair. I fear straightening my hair to make this unevenness less evident. . I regret tipping her because I understand how the service industry works because my minimum tip of 20% for all service people is undeserved for her lack of work.. . I want everyone to know how the only good hair stylists there are Kelly (who moved to Philly), Melissa and Jen. If they are not available, do NOT risk going.. . Also, the Supercuts Oakland location is horrible at waxing eyebrows unless you are lucky to get the only woman of color there.. . While it was a $20 cut (after the 20% tip), I know had to buy biotin to grow my hair faster so it is more expensive to me in the end. I hope this proves helpful to all perspective customers!
3 ||| i'm not sure why this place has bad reviews. its par for thecourse for supercuts. standard cut 16.95 is a bit pricy but they always do exactly what I say. i've simple hair so it works well for me. employees are generally nice, sometimes like talking to me sometimes talk just to each other, worth three stars for sure.
1 ||| Terrible! I got a haircut here once and hated it, but kept waiting for it to settle in after a few washes. It never did look right, so I just fixed it at home rather than going back to these incompetent people. I didn't even feel like the hassle of complaining was worth it, as I highly doubted that I'd get any money refunded and I certainly didn't want them to touch my hair again to try to fix it. . . I then figured, hey, this place sucks for haircuts but they can't mess up eyebrow waxing, right? Right! But their service is so bad that I gave up on that too -- I got my eyebrows done here a few times with not much trouble, but the last time I went in, I had called ahead to put my name in and was told that I would be next on the list, and to show up in about 20 min. My house is a 20 min walk from there, perfect! I headed out, got there in 20 min, and gave the woman at the desk my name and reminded her I'd called ahead. There was one man sitting there waiting, who I had seen from across the street walking in about 1 min ahead of me. . . The "stylist" was just finishing up a haircut, so I should have been next, right, since I had put my name in before the guy who walked in? Nope! She called him over and I said "sorry, I think I was next, I called ahead and was told I'd be next in line" and the lady said "oh we don't do that." WTF?? You told me very clearly that you do exactly that, what craziness is this? So I waited, figuring that I'd already invested 20 min into this venture, so I may as well stick it out. . . And waited, and waited, while one "stylist" cut the man's hair and 2 of them chatted in the back (ironically next to the chair where they do facial waxing). They must have been "on break," or maybe just terribly rude and idiotic, because I sat there waiting for another full 20 min, and when I finally spoke up again to ask when someone would be available to do my eyebrows. The 2 chatty cathies in the back looked over, very annoyed at my presence, and the woman doing the haircut said "after I'm done here," and I sat there incredulous for another 2 minutes before getting up and leaving. Will never go back.
4 ||| I will admit I am completely biased towards this place. I grew up eating their pizza. Crust is soft and fluffy, not chewy. The cheese is a little thicker than the average new york style pizza place. The sauce has spice but not too much. At some places you need a little milk or water to cool your tongue. Their one downside is that they're not always consistent. Some days its just started to turn golden brown others its over done.
4 ||| Eaten here twicebut only pizza. I do have to say its up there with Napolis or Ailleos as for the pizza. Tonight me and my neighbors were up for some more. Was disappointed when ordering a meatball hoagie to find out they had no meatballs! Pizza places should never run out of certain things. Had gotten a cheese hoagie. Didnt get get why someone would order this, but was told it was good. didnt like. Luckily the pep pizza was great, but.. when u get toward the crust, its all dough. Still kick butt pizza but get rid of the cheese hoagie.
5 ||| According to Urbanspoon (blasphemy I know) their are like 1,100 pizza places in pittsburgh. So what is the best pizza in Pittsburgh. Everyone has an opinion and so here is mine: The best pizza in Pittsburgh is the pie comes from the place in you neighborhood that has quality ingredients, fair prices, and friendly service. Eddie's Pizza Place  is all of these things and since I live in this neighborhood this is my favorite.
3 ||| Decent neighborhood pizza can be found in morningside at eddies pizza haus. The sauce and cheese are perfect, but the crust falls short.  It has a nice texture and overall the pizza isn't greasy, but the crust lacks much flavor. Maybe a little more salt is needed in the dough to compensate? The pizza is decent enough though and merits a try, perhaps it was an off day for Eddies.
4 ||| As a chinese american college student from NYC who got stuck in Pittsburgh with its useless public transportation (circa 1998), I desperately missed home-style Chinese food for the better part of my first two years here. Things turned around for me once I got a car (or made friends with cars), but I was seriously hurting for a while.. . Tasty was one of the places we found. Back in the day, it was owned and ran by a typical restaurant-owning Chinese family. They had the works - pushy lao ban niang (boss lady), chef slash dad, and, during school off-hours, junior high school daughter manning the cashier. If they were in NYC, they'd only be missing an ami.... a bus boy. The food was pretty good, and if you order in Chinese, the lao ban niang hooked you up with extras because "your parents teach you good to talk Chineees". . . I'm pretty sure Tasty is under new ownership now. The food isn't as good as it was, but the restaurant still gives off the home-style look and feel. It's a small restaurant with enough seating for about 25-30 patrons. Cheap tables, cheap seats; after all, restaurant extras are just a waste of money. The customers should come back for the food, this *is* a restaurant.. . The new waitress is not friendly, but she gets the job done. The food is still good - so if you're craving a home cooked meal, you'll be somewhat satisfied here. Don't expect grandma's cooking, though. Order the vegetables, the mapo tofu is good, beef/chicken chow fun, etc. They have a lot of other staple items on the menu too. Don't get the salted pork chops - save that craving for Orient Kitchen. Try things, and share your thoughts.. . Tasty - it's more than your neighborhood take out joint.. . - written by a former junior high school daughter cashier
4 ||| I recently pop in to this restaurant and got a Black Bean Pork on rice. It was great!!. . The vegetable was fresh, the source was not too heavy and the meat was tasty!!
3 ||| Pretty solid Chinese takeout.  They have a $10 minimum on Campus Food and delivered in less time than expected.  The Szechuan eggplant was not spicy at all, but it did have a nice assortment of mixed vegetables (broccoli, zucchini, corn, carrots, etc.).  The vegetable egg rolls seemed pretty tough - I don't know that I would order them again.. . Overall, I'm pretty pleased.  I already like this place - even the big neon sign that just says "Tasty" on the storefront.   (This is how I'm going to refer to it - ie, "Do you want some takeout from Tasty?")  I also love that one of their lunch menu options is fried rice, soup & an egg roll for $2.95!  I will almost definitely order from here again.
2 ||| Food: There are countless options to choose from for vegetarians or carnivores, but the food is only so-so.  We've ordered takeout numerous times due to proximity, and nothing has been bad, but nothing has been special.  The general Tso's tofu and the Moo Shu vegetables are the best things we've ordered.  The eggplant was soggy and not great.  The portions are large.  Nothing is particularly spicy even if it is mentioned as being spicy on the menu.. . Price: Tasty is cheap.  . . Drinks: N/A. . Atmosphere: Typical Chinese takeout place.  A photo of every single meal they offer is on the wall.  Located in the plaza next to Pizza Parma.  Decent location for that end of Shadyside.. . Service: The employees speak poor English but can usually understand what you are askingt/telling them.  The food is usually ready for takeout within 10-15 minutes.. . (+): many options, cheap, ready quickly. . (-): food is nothing to write home about. . Would I go back again? If I'm feeling too lazy/broke to go anywhere else.
2 ||| This place features everything you can expect from a standard hole-in-a-wall Chinese restaurant. There's zero ambiance, offers quick take-out and the service is rude. I decided to give Tasty a try because it's conveniently located on Highland Avenue and has easy parking.. . I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and Crab Rangoon. Sadly, they prepared Kung Pao Beef instead. It's extremely disappointing to receive the wrong food. It's even more disappointing when the restaurant refuses to correct the order. While it wasn't what I ordered, the food was good...but there is better Chinese food out there.
3 ||| Note: Tasty has a credit card minimum of $10 and has a parking lot. . Tasty is another standard chinese takeout place - it didn't blow my mind but overall it was good, especially considering the price. Before I continue, I will come out and say that all of the food was a little tough - the eggroll especially(As was warned) -  and the rice had some dark spots(I assume it was from the bottom of the cooking vessel).  However, I will chalk some of it up to my mistake because I thought they closed a half hour later,  than they did, and consequently ordered about 10 minutes before they closed. So, Tasty, you get a pass on the rice. . Anyhow, I ordered a vegetable eggroll($1.50) and general tso's tofu($8.25)(I've learned to accept my guilty pleasure). I ordered the general tso's extra spicy - it was not. Also, the tofu was in very large chunks, which has seemed to be my luck lately. I want surface area, and I don't want to have to figure out how to cut my food with chopsticks. I will say, though, that the sauce was very tasty - enough to seal the deal for a future order at this place.. . The eggroll, as I said, was tough.. It tasted good, but it was tough, and small... This probably won't be in my future order, however with the $10 minimum I do need to order something else with my tofu... I hope the soup is good.. . The lady behind the counter was friendly and was decent on the phone and didn't once mention that they were closing so close to when I ordered. Portion size was good, for the $10.44 it cost me, I'll definitely be able to make a lunch out of what is left.
5 ||| My wife and I have been going here for as long as we have lived in Pittsburgh, which is about 10 years.  This is our go-to Chinese restaurant, even after we moved out of the neighborhood.  I have never had a bad meal here, and I will forever love their beef chow fun!  My wife and I are moving to North Carolina in two days, and Tasty Chinese was the thing about Pittsburgh that we said we would miss the very most.  These are great folks, and I wish them the best of success in the future.  Remember, everyone, just because you read a negative review it does not mean that the food is bad!  Some people just have lousy taste buds, and many people have no idea what they are ordering to begin with.  Try things for yourself, and you will find some great food at Tasty!
1 ||| Tasteless food that arrived over an hour after it was ordered and was cold.  Will never order from here again.
4 ||| Ordered the lunch special with sesame bean curd + steamed rice + veggie egg roll.  The food was great, and you get a LOT for $5.65.  My friend got general tso's chicken with fried rice, and she enjoyed her meal as well.. . The lady at the counter was very friendly and refilled our waters often during lunch.  When we were done eating, she gave us little Japanese mango gummy candies on our way at the door.. . I would definitely come back for lunch here--it's nothing fancy, but very reasonably priced and, well, tasty. :)
3 ||| i'm giving this place a solid 3. i've had better cheap chinese and i've had worse. first off, let me just say take out is probably the way to go. our server was nearly impossible to understand and we drank water out of tiny styrofoam cups that we had to wait for her to refill.. i ordered the crab rangoon, a shrimp springroll, and chicken fried rice. the rangoon was pretty good, the springroll was just a clump of grease, and the rice was good. my friends ordered beef and broccoli, an egg roll, and general tso's. they were not too impressed with their meals.. as far as food, this place seems to be pretty hit or miss. the prices make it worth ordering take out or delivery, but i wouldn't waste my time eating in here.
1 ||| Never received my order and was left in a bad mood. The driver did not carry GPS for delivery, did not know my address which is right in squirrel hill, did not listen to me (or did not understand me?) when I tried to give him directions, asked me to pick up food from an intersection 0.3 miles away from my apartment in snow, and finally yelled at me to cancel my order. . . Cannot comment about food, but whatever experience I had left a bad taste.
3 ||| Went here last night for takeout since our normal place is currently renovating their kitchen. . . We ordered fried dumplings which were just ok. We also ordered some shrimp lo mein and general tsos chicken. These were some of the best entrees that I have gotten from a takeout place. The lo mein was perfectly cooked and was not greasy at all. The shrimp were also cooked perfectly. The general tsos may be some of my favorite I have ever gotten. It wasn't spicy like I requested, but the chicken was still crispy after having to drive it home and the sauce was very savory. . . Overall I probably will crave the food from here and will be back, on a night when I do not mind driving to pick up.
5 ||| Home of the Italian Army.. . Vento's is located in the East Liberty section of Pittsburgh right next to Home Depot. They have been in business forever! They are a pizza and hoagie shop. They are famous for their Italian Army hoagie. I have friends that as soon as they land in Pittsburgh they come straight to Vento's for the pizza! It is Sicilian style pizza and It is delicious! Everything is made fresh so sometimes you have to wait a little while for your food. It's best to call ahead if you're really hungry.. . They have tables and booths for seating. You can even play the PA lottery there. . . No debit or credit cards. CASH ONLY!. . (F.Y.I. There is a generic ATM that charges $1.75 to make a withdraw.)
3 ||| Slow service and average pizza.  Convenient to home depot.
5 ||| I love the history and the atmosphere.. Albert Vento is in Myron copes book and is a STAPLE in da burgh...  He started "Franco's Italian Army" !!!!!! Vento's Italian Army Hoagies,, and AMAZING PIZZA.
5 ||| IF you love the Steelers, you gotta Love Ventos...I love the history and the atmosphere.. Albert Vento is in Myron copes book and is a STAPLE in da burgh...  He started "Franco's Italian Army" !!!!!! . . You have to try Vento's Italian Army Hoagies,, and AMAZING PIZZA... I love Literally ALL food Sean the chef Makes... The Secret Sauce is phenom on Calzones too..
2 ||| I had heard lots of good things about Vento's. Unfortunately I did not get to experience these things. The service was slow and lukewarm. The pizza was expensive and not the same price in the restaurant as advertised on the website http://www.ventospizza.com/. Also, no credit or debit cards here.  You're directed to the ATM in the restaurant that charges a fee of $1.75.   I ordered ahead and although I had to wait for my pizza when I got there I received it cold and it just was not that good.  I also ordered provolone sticks which also did not taste good.
5 ||| Ventos is an East End tradition.   The Sicilian style pizza is the bomb!   It is more of a traditional working-clasd Pittsburgh style crust-square, and bread like.  Sicilian pizza comes in square cuts by the way,  if you like the doughy (Dominos or similar) kind of pizza crust, or brick oven designer pizza you might not like Vento's pizza.  But I happen to love Vento's pizza!!!   They also have subs, and other items like deep fried mushrooms.  This is a blue collar  establishment in a an urban working-class neighborhood,  Everything I've had from here is good.
1 ||| We were visiting from out of town and just spent 6 hours driving. Found this place, read reviews on Yelp which were OK, and decided to ordered two slices. Hum...sorry not slices. More like two squares of cheesy bread. When we said these aren't slices, the lady at the register looked confused as though pizzas always look like that. We obviously aren't locals by the way we were dressed so the lady (who talked terribly) should have notified us when we first ordered it! They also have pictures of real pizzas on the wall -_-. It also took a really long time to cook those little things because they weren't pizzas. Since I was so hungry, i ordered another square of unhappiness and it was handed to me in the cooking wrapper not a paper plate, ugh. Definitely never going there if we come to visit again!
1 ||| Horrible Food don't waste your money. . This is the worse cardboard covered cheese & sauce so called pizza I've ever had, I haven't had this garbage since grade school cafeteria food, Most of the reviews on here rant about what a great place this is how much fun you'll have there. IDK where that place is cuz the one I wan in today in East Liberty by the Home Depot was getto beyond belief the food is bad & the people aren't nice & friendly.. . Loudness is an issue there when the lottery area has a sign saying because of back round noise your number may be wrong. Not one person there had decent customer service skills I had to ask the girl 3 times to speak up and I have excellent hearing. I ordered a small pizza I got a medium that was greasy on top but the crust was stale. . . I looked forward to getting some great pizza man this place really disappointed me today.
1 ||| This place has the worst service I've ever seen. I called in two cold sandwiches and was told it would be 15 mins. When I got to the counter, the lady working rudely told me to wait for my name to be called because she didn't have my ticket to ring up the order. Um, okay...then walk over and get it so i can pay for it! So I waited and waited as people who came in long after me got their orders. The "workers" just stand around and spend more time talking to the regulars and trying to act like they are a big deal. I had to leave without my order after 40 minutes. DO NOT GO HERE!
4 ||| My cousin works here and that's the only reason i know about this place. The crust they use for the bread is so light and airy and i absolutely love it. It makes the eating experience that much more enjoyable.. . I always order a slice or two with sausage and mushrooms because I love the little crumbly sausage that they add to the pizza. Plus if you dip it in ranch (big fattie) it taste even better. . . I took the hubby there just this week and he agreed that it is very good. They have tons of specials and even more menu options. We ordered the medium pie and 12" hoagie for only $13. Really good deal and the italian hoagie was not too bad. I do wish however that it was a little thicker. Maybe add some more lettuce and tomatoes for fullness. By the time we got it home it was like eating a lunch meat sandwich. Still delicious but I would have like a little more bite in my hoagie.. . The interior is a little outdated but they have a bunch of steeler memorabilia hanging up. Also, if you like to play the lottery they have a small window for buying and playing the numbers. Waste of money if you ask me but to each his own. . . BTW, IT'S CASH ONLY HERE, but they do have an ATM.
4 ||| This is a Pittsburgh/Shadyside institution.. . What can I say, this place is good-eatin' basic Italian food!  Not spectacular, but when you want a good nuthin-fancy dinner, this is the place to go.  The pizza is outstanding.
4 ||| When you're in the mood for a good ol' fashioned, nothin' fancy Italian restaurant, you can't beat Minutello's!  My husband Rick and I didn't feel like cooking the other night so we came here for a nice casual dinner.  Man, I haven't reviewed this place in nearly three years and it sure hasn't changed.  Still has that good old basement decor.. . Minutello's still has some of the best pizza in town.  Rick and I ordered the Supreme wtih capicola, Italian Sausage, salami, and pepperoni!  Mm-mm good!  Gotta hit that gym tomorrow.  And you know the best thing about ordering pizza, don't you?  It's always good the second day!
4 ||| This is great, simple, traditional italian american food. The salads are good. The pizza is really great (I stopped ordering from anywhere else).  The veal cannelloni is awesome too.
3 ||| Based on some recent reviews, it looks like the quality of food at Minutellos has slipped a little bit.  Still as I mentioned before, it's a Shadyside institution located in the basement of an apartment building.  . . Anyway, the main reason to come to Minutellos is for the pizza.  My cousin and I did just that the other night when we were in the area.  We did the whole 'Build Your Own Pizza' thing, ordering ours with pepperoni, green peppers, onions, and mushrooms.  Good pizza even if the place is beginning to look a little dated.
5 ||| The food quality is good or not great. I do love the following. The anti-pasto is very good. I love there wedding soup. Don't write this place off due to some bad reviews, because they are flat out WRONG.
3 ||| Minutello's is going out of business. Last day of operation is Sunday, February 17, 2013.
5 ||| Mike"s auto body is fantastic. Not only do the do great work, but the experience is great to. The shop is clean and comfortable. They have a contests with enterprise so you can pick up and drop off a rental there. They even give you a can of glass cleaner and snacks when you pick up your car. They have fantastic customer service.
4 ||| Blown away at how Mike's turned an awful situation into a very unexpectedly pleasant experience!  Let's face it - everyone hates taking their car to the shop.  ESPECIALLY when the reason you have to is bc you were in an accident on the return trip from the airport after your amazing Vegas Vacation (no injuries or serious damage to either involved party, thankfully).. . The customer service is stellar.  The staff at Mike's genuinely love their jobs and it's evident pleasing their customers is priority one.  I have to echo my fellow Yelpers, as my car left Mike's in better shape than before the accident. When I drove my freshly cleaned and waxed hatchback back (hatchback back-lol) to Bloomfield, I swear I could feel how happy Baby Bluey was and all was forgiven with the fender-bender.. . Did I mention they left a gift bag full of goodies on the passenger seat, all pink-themed?  My only small complaint is my car wasn't ready when originally told, but is it ever? I'll def be back to Mike's!
5 ||| I had to choose from a list of insurance-approved body shops to get my car repaired after an accident. Mike's Auto Body was nearby and more highly rated than other convenient options. . They did not disappoint. The turnaround time was quick (less than 3 days) and they did a great job! My car looks as though the accident never happened and I am quite pleased with the work. They had to fix a large dent and some scraped paint.. The neighborhood the shop is located in is not great (some interesting "characters" soliciting in the intersection nearby), but the shop itself is clean and comfortable. I did not feel unsafe going to and from the shop in daylight.. The customer service was excellent, as well. Everyone I interacted with was professional and courteous. I was continually updated with progress on my repairs and they were actually finished a day earlier than expected. I hope I don't need to go back to Mike's for repairs, but I would definitely choose them again in the event of an accident!
5 ||| Mike's doesn't really need another stellar review on here, but I'll give them another one anyway.. . I'm a choir director at a church, and after rehearsal a few weeks ago, one of my choir members ran into my car in the parking lot and crunched the rear bumper. Bummer.... . I had never had to file an insurance claim before, and wasn't really sure what to expect. Dealing with Mike's was about as easy as it gets. I called to set up an appointment for the estimate and drove down a few days later. I was only there about 10-15 minutes and got sent on my way.. . A few days after that (Monday), I took my car in for the repair. It did take a couple days longer than they said, which is really the only negative thing I can say about Mike's, but considering I didn't have to pay for the rental car, it wasn't a huge deal. When I did get my car back (Thursday), like others have said, it was in even better condition than when I took it in (besides the dent, of course)! They had cleaned/waxed the outside, and even cleaned and detailed the inside! If they just did detailing, I would take my Impreza there every time! Mike's rules!
5 ||| Mikes took my car after horrible repairs/service from Kenny Ross South.  The service was great and I even got to meet the owner who came out to personally speak with me on a busy Friday afternoon.  Great guys there.
2 ||| I took my car to Mike's auto body as it's recommended by Geico and is part of their easy claims and repair process.  This was a big mistake.  Like many of the reviewers here, I was initially told it would take a certain amount of time, and then, at the last minute, on the day I was supposed to get my car back, they told me it would be a few more days.  Their excuse?  The headlamp that came in didn't have a bulb with it.  Seriously?  Since this was the Geico rep telling me this I couldn't really argue, but I don't know why Geico keeps working with a business that repeatedly does this to its customers.. . I got the car back in great condition, cleaned on the outside, and the console wiped down inside.  All in all, just alright - go here if you're not pressed for time and you've got Geico, otherwise shop around.
5 ||| I had a great experience taking my vehicle to Mike's for repair after a fender bender. I used the Geico express service - I booked the estimate and repair online for the next day. When I dropped off my car, they were expecting me, it took less than 30 minutes and every single person I encountered at the shop was helpful and friendly and showed concern for me. The damage was minor, and the repairs took less than 48 hours to complete. My policy provides a rental car, and Enterprise was there when I checked in with my vehicle and the rental process was streamlined and easy. When I picked up my repaired car, it was just as efficient and friendly. Getting into an accident is frustrating and inconvenient and costly but Mike's Auto Body made the process of fixing things and getting me back on the road into a good experience. I wish more businesses treated their customers like Mike's treated me.
5 ||| I never grew up with a pet so getting one was a new experience. I had always heard kill/no-kill shelters whatever... I got my new dog Crosby from ARL which happens to be a "kill shelter". Thinking about this, I felt truly good getting him there because I felt as though I was saving him from some other destiny. However, he is so cute that I'm sure someone else would have adopted him.... . The shelter itself is large and the volunteers and vet-techs that you interact with are very friendly. The dogs are constantly walked and you can tell the animals receive a ton of love from the staff. Adoption is made easy unless you rent in which case you should probably bring a letter from your landlord stating you are allowed to adopt. Another perk is that when Crosby had "kennel cough" we went after hours to get him some medication and they still let us in and treated him...In short, great adoption experience at ARL.
4 ||| This is an animal shelter with a tremendous heart. While I realize it's more popular to back the more selective (aka "no-kill") shelters around Pittsburgh, the "open door" policy places the ARL at the top of my list. Where the so-called no-kill shelters can afford to be choosy and accept all-star pets, the ARL will accept any pet, from a private owner, someone who finds a stray, or even the city's animal control. A small, over-extended staff collaborates with a dedicated troop of volunteers, and manages to adopt thousands and thousands of pets each year into family homes. . . I have adopted two cats from this shelter, and also participated in the adoption of several friends' pets here, too. The paid staff can be spread a little thin, especially if you come on a Friday afternoon/evening, or a weekend morning. Guess what, lots of people want to adopt a pet on the weekend when they have extra time to help it settle in. So don't be surprised to find crowds of potential adopters and exhausted staff!!! For a quieter experience, try a weekday. For the most intimate pet-finding experience, go during a Steelers game. Seriously, you will have the place to yourself. . . Is it sacrilegious to tell you to do anything during a Steelers game? Whoops. . . The ARL lists some of their pets on Petfinder, but I have found that the selection on the adoption floor is often too vast & quick moving for them to keep the profiles online updated -- what I'm trying to get at is this: Don't get super attached to a pet online, because there's a reasonable chance it already has a home. And don't avoid a trip because you don't see anyone you like online. There are more future fur-friends waiting for you at the shelter. . . The staff of volunteers is extraordinary - I adopted one of my cats directly out of a foster home, and the volunteer must have gone out of her way to come to the shelter at my convenience and explain all the in-home habits of my future baby. I had such a positive experience with her, and the shelter. They invite you to send updates and pictures as your new pet adjusts. Yes, the staff & volunteers have a vested interest in the pets and want to know how things go! . . The rates for adoption vary, depending on the season, so if your finances require some help to acquire your new best friend, keep an eye on their website for info about "sales." You can also donate old sheets, towels, pet carriers, and toys for the animals who stay here on their way to permanent homes. I donate a big pile of worn towels and sheets every time i sort my linen closet. They also accept ca$h donations to help keep up with expenses. . . Maybe I seem like an over-enthusiastic cheerleader of this place, but the fact is that this organization connected me with two very important cats in my life, and every scratch on my arms, every litter box, and every fur-covered outfit in my life is due credit to their tireless efforts. Bravo, ARL, the pets & their families thank you.
4 ||| This shelter is fantastic and has generally very good, friendly people on staff.  The cats and dogs appear to be treated at least as well as one might expect.. . When I adopted one of my cats at this establishment, I had to return the next day to have her spayed.  They did it for free, which was great, but the reason they don't get five stars is that the desk clerk completely forgot about my cat and me, and she left us waiting as she chatted on her cell phone with a friend: she only remembered about us as she was walking out for a smoke and saw us sitting in the lobby.
5 ||| I have an almost three-year-old cat named Jack that I spoil as if he were my son. I honestly never experienced the love for and from an animal until I adopted Jack from an Animal Rescue League. It was one of the best decisions I've ever made.. . The shelter is great and I'll probably get another cat in the near future. Check this location out!
5 ||| A few years ago, I decided that I wanted to get a pet and so I volunteered at the ARL for a number of months in order to learn about the different breeds of cats and dogs. It was an invaluable experience and really helped me to learn about dog behavior. I still serve as a cat foster from time to time.. . The staff here have a tough and sometimes heart-breaking job. It's not  for the faint of heart but they're all very nice and do their best by the animals and the people who come in to adopt and surrender the poor beasts.. . Ultimately, I didn't get my doggy from the ARL (sometimes the heart doesn't get give you a choice) but my experiences there have really taught me a lot about animals and have only served to heighten my love for my 10yr old rescue pup.
5 ||| Great place to find a dog or a cat
5 ||| I adopted another cat in February and both my cats are the best of friends. It took a while to get there, but trust me, they're pals now.. . Adopt an animal today!
5 ||| I volunteer as a dog coach twice a week and i am absolutely in love with the ARL. There are two beautiful babies, whom I have walked for weeks, that I wanna mention (these ladies would be mine if I didn't already have a grumpy Basset and an elderly Shiz zhu @ home):. . Bunny (my girl!! Bunny ears, and the sweetest temperament):. . http://www.animalrescue.org/available-pets. . Honey (I love her to death, 6 years old, just wants to be loved!!):. . http://www.animalrescue.org/available-pets. . Stop by the ARL! It is worth the trip. :)
5 ||| I have gotten two great dogs from ARL over the years the staff is polite and really cares about the animals and finding them the right home. They get the animals the best vet care they can and i believe they have an on site clinic. I would suggest even if they have a special on adoption prices pay the full amount if you can.  From what I see they take great care of the animals and could use all the money they can to make sure this continues.
3 ||| Animal Rescue League is great! BUT, I'm very disappointed by their dog trainer/behaviorialist, Lacey. . . I have a large papillon (a "throwback", as my vet called him), whose previous owners neglected and undersocialized him for the first two years of his life. As a result, he is now extremely fearful when taken outside the home, and he becomes overstimulated and aggressive. I brought him to one of ARL's Saturday small dog classes, but he freaked out, and we were asked to leave. Lacey said she'd be in contact to set up a private class. . . She called a few days later, and we arranged a private class for 6pm on a Wednesday. I made arrangements to leave work early to drive back into the city and get my pup some help! It's hard to anticipate exactly how much traffic there will be on Fifth Ave during rush hour, so I wound up playing it overly safe and arriving 10 minutes early for our class. . . After a few minutes, Lacey noticed us and came outside to tell me that she was running fifteen minutes behind. I wasn't sure what to do, because I couldn't really go anywhere with my cray-cray dog, and there was too much traffic to go home and come back again. So, she said we could wait inside in a small hallway. . . We went in to wait, and naturally, with all the smells and sounds, my pup got a bit riled up. But, we waited...and waited and waited. At 6:25pm, I knocked on the door to the training room. Silence. So, I opened it. Nobody was there, and the door to the outside was open. I peeked out, and there she was, with the people and dog that had the lesson before me. I waited for a moment, hoping she'd notice me and look at her watch or something, but nope.. . So, I took my dog and walked outside to my car. She turned and looked at me, but didn't acknowledge me in any way. I went and sat in my car with my dog for a few minutes, hoping the other folks, their dog, and Lacey would wrap things up, but no. They just continued on. At 6:35pm, I knew I couldn't wait any longer, because I had work I still needed to finish up that had to be done by 9pm. I got out of my car, and began walking towards Lacey. She just stared at me, rather than saying "We're just finishing up," or "Sorry, I lost track of time," or anything at all. So I said, "We're going to have to reschedule. It's past 6:30 now, and I can't stay past 7." She simply replied, "Okay. I'll call you." . . I thought it was rude and unprofessional to not offer any type of apology, or even a half-hearted explanation, but whatever. No one said she had people skills, I suppose, and this was about getting my dog help! . . Well, it's been a week and a half. No call from Lacey! Needless to say, I'll be finding another, more reliable trainer. I'm just really disappointed, not only in her unprofessionalism, but also her lack of caring about my dog. I barely had any interaction with Lacey, but even if there was something about me she didn't like, she should have cared more about helping a pup that obviously needs it. . . I sincerely hope that others have had better experiences, and I hate to knock even a single star off for ARL -- but this Yelp review seems to be my only way of warning others to seek another trainer for their dog behavioral needs! :(
4 ||| I love, love, love my puppy.  After visiting every shelter in the city and finding nothing, we came back the next day after seeing a posting for a 2 month old terrier mix.  Our poor little guy had been dumped in a park and some very nice person brought him to the ARL who took him in, waited 3 days for someone to claim him, and neutered him.  He wasn't even supposed to be on the floor yet when we got there, but they were super helpful and brought him out to us and let us take him home.  The staff there were super helpful and wonderful to my incredibly anxious fiance- imagine a first time dad bringing home the baby!  . . The only reason they only get 4 stars is my poor puppy is SO sick.  We've had him for 3 weeks and he's got an awful cough that hasn't been responsive to any antibiotics.  I know its hard to keep all the dogs isolated, but I really think 8 weeks is a little too early to neuter a puppy especially after being found in a park- too much stress!  Hopefully our little guy starts getting better soon, we're awfully worried about him!  Still love the ARL though!
5 ||| The ARL is great! Earlier in the month, we mistakenly adopted 2 pit bulls. After they killed my rabbit and got loose a few times, we felt they were too much and gave them up. The people who worked there were really understanding and asked us a lot of questions so as to provide the best care for them until they are hopefully adopted by the right people.  Sorry Chloe and Coco. :( . . They are a NO-KILL shelter too. Always a huge plus.
1 ||| Please do not adopt any pets from here until they update their standards.  I hate to think of animals living in cages, but.... . !! At least two cats adopted from here in September have diagnosed with the herpes virus by the vet, and this is contagious to other cats. !!. . AKA, it is likely that the shelter staff is not washing hands between handling pets and they are not testing for a virus that can be fatal in kittens.. . I recently adopted a kitten from their shelter--I picked him up from their Pittsburgh Public Market adoption station.  I was told that he had been tested for common feline viruses and up-to-date on vaccinations.  These were both untrue statements.  The kitten has the herpes virus and was not vaccinated against this.  My roommate, who was with me, and I were warned about the upper respiratory infection (URI) that can occur because of this virus and others, but we were not told that he was neither tested nor vaccinated for the herpes virus.  They gave me a paper with his vaccinations, but it was in vet-speak, so I took their word for it. . . Furthermore, the shelter staff put my kitten in my roommate's name mistakenly (and claimed that if we just called in that they would fix this mistake, but then wouldn't), so when he got sick, no one from their clinic would return my calls--I'm guessing this was since I wasn't the owner according to their records.  I had to email them to get a response, which basically said sorry that we didn't return your calls but this is your problem now.  They never apologized for the kitten's health or asked if he was feeling better.  Where's the compassion for the animal?. . So now I have a very sick kitten on my hands.  I took him to the Big Easy in Lawrenceville when he stopped eating, and Dr. Ruiz is the best.  She took care of him, but it cost $160 to treat the virus he picked up at the shelter.. . The Animal Rescue League shelter/clinic said that it does not and will not cover expenses for this.  After I had already taken him elsewhere, the clinic staff said that they would have given me a discount if I had waited two days to go to their clinic, but who would wait two days while the kitten wouldn't eat??  And now this virus makes him ineligible for pet insurance.  It  will cost hundreds of extra dollars a year to keep him healthy. . . Had I not fallen in love with the little monster, I would have taken him back to another shelter.  That's what the person who adopted the other kitten with virus did.  Whenever he gets an outbreak, he will get another URI.  This means a lethargic cat who sneezes, gags, and coughs because he can't breathe and who won't eat because he's too congested to smell his food.  It's very sad--protect your cats with the herpes vaccination, please!. . Oh, and in case you were wondering: just like in humans, cat herpes is fo' life.  Poor little guy.  This also ruins my plan of getting another cat in the future.  Bad shelter!
5 ||| I adopted a dog from the ARL this past spring.  During the adoption process the employees were polite and seemed genuinely happy for me.  Shortly after the adoption, I received emails from a volunteer to check in and to inquire about how the dog and I were adjusting.  A few months after the adoption, it became clear that the dog had some pretty serious anxiety and behavioral issues (please note that there is no way the shelter staff could have known about the issues while the dog was in the shelter).  I contacted the shelter and they practically  bent over backwards to help me with the dog's issues.  The dog and I participated in two sessions of behavioral classes (Lacey is wonderful and never gave up on my dog!), consulted with veterinary staff, and received constant emails from staff offering suggestions and checking in to see how I was doing.  In the end, I learned how to manage the dog's behaviors and I love the dog dearly.  Nine months later, I still receive emails from the shelter asking about the dog and offering more suggestions.. . I would highy suggest adopting from this shelter.  I understand that my dog is sort of a worse-case-senerio of adopting a pre-owned dog; however, this shelter will make sure you are happy with your adoption and literally will do everything in their power to ensure both you and the adopted animal are ok.  The shetler staff care deeply about the animal AND the human's well-being!
1 ||| Staff members here have always come up short. A past kennel worker  sold his litter of pit bull puppies in east liberty and the shelter was made aware of it  but excused it. . . They will lie to surrendering families because they don't  want the cold hard truth, the good, bad and the ugly to leak out to the public. They lie ! . They kill many many animals because of a very subjective behavioral test that their dog hating staff performs .. . They kill more pets for space than any other pittsburgh shelter.. . Many volunteers walk on eggshells here because they know an animals life is hanging in the balance and they are afraid to speak up or not allowed back in to volunteer . . . Weak leadership. This is the cities highest cat and dog death rate of any shelter or rescue in western pa
1 ||| This is a terrible shelter.  It appears that they routinely turn away (or kill, unless you state you will take them back) cats because they are "overcrowded."  They will tell you that your cat has a " behavioral issue" to address turning said animal away. Mark that you will take your cat (or dog, etc.) back or else you risk having them "put down."
5 ||| I've had such good experiences with ARL, that I will probably return here again and again.  Years ago we adopted a mutt of a puppy that turned out to be the best dog that I could have ever imagined.  But let me talk about my most recent visit.. . While browsing Facebook, I noticed that they were having an event at ARL.  This particular event was called the Free Fur All.  The event involved free adoption to qualified adopters, free micro-chipping for any pet (adopted there or elsewhere), free dog baths, and goodies for both human and furry companions.. . I had plans to get Little Man E microchipped during his appointment to take his manhood away (don't worry, we've talked about it and he is fine by it), but when this popped up and said it was free.  Hot damn, you know I was in line.  It's also probably one of the more easy and humane ways to keep ties on your dog or cat just in case they were to run off one night.. . Once we were registered, we waited at most for 15 minutes.  It's a very quick thing to have done.  Little Man E didn't even flinch.  He was more amused by his reflection in the table than that little pinch behind the shoulder blade.  I have to give huge kudos to the staff there.  They are so very friendly to not only you, but your pet.  It's like they talk their language.  I also have to thank them because while we were there, LME somehow ripped his one toenail and they were kind enough to clip as much of it off as they could (no extra charge either!).. . Once done, we just walked outside to see what was up (E skipped the bath).  We visited one of the tables and E selected a ball and bandanna and we decided to head out after that.. . This place is amazing for so many different pet oriented things.  I'll definitely be coming back here whenever I need something for LME.
5 ||| This place is PHENOMENAL.. I got my bunny here a few months ago and the ladies were so nice and helpful and they take SUCH good care of the animals.  They gave me a bit of hay and food for her that lasted me close to three months.  Then when we were leaving we saw a cage of six dwarf hamsters and they gave us a deal of 2/$10.. I love my animals so much and I will always check here first for pets before anywhere else.
5 ||| I adopted two cats from animal rescue league and my cats are healthy and happy. They take care of animals with love and kindness. They are of course so busy because there are many abandoned pets from irresponsible humans... But they made the whole adoption process easy and after almost a year my cats are still lovely and gives me so much love.
5 ||| I just adopted my second dog from this shelter, I think they're wonderful! You must keep in mind that no rescue shelter is going to look like a 5 Star hotel and be able to keep every animal free from illness, but the ARL does a great job. All pets are spayed/neutered, vaccinated, and receive a microchip. Your first vet visit after your adoption is half-off their already cheap prices at their in-house vet clinic. They also give you a little goodie bag along with the pets vet records.  I'm so thankful for the furry friends I've adopted from the ARL!
4 ||| Good work.  He does very nice, high quality work.  A bit on the expensive side (costs $30 to shorten two pairs of pants) which I guess is reasonable considering that he does reliably high quality work.  I haven't given him anything more complex than that however so I don't know how he'll take in your wedding dress, but works for me.
4 ||| This place is great, and even calls to double check when they find something they aren't sure about. I have had business suits altered here, jackets, etc. My husband had a beloved winter coat that he wanted to have the pockets repaired, and Vincent (or another man) called back 45 minutes later, freaking out (very politely) about "HOW CAN I REPAIR THESE POCKETS?! THEY ARE AWFUL! NO POCKET LEFT! SHREDS!" and we had a good laugh after telling him we meant for him to replace the pockets altogether. He did a fabulous job and even though he's not cheap it is worth it to know you will get the clothes back in great shape.
4 ||| Vincent has done several hems and jacket alterations on men suits for me. Items have always been one time and done well. I would recommend this place to anyone searching for a tailor in Pittsburgh. . . It does seem a little expensive, but worth it, because its done correctly.
4 ||| It was 1:00 pm on Friday and i was in a serious bind... I needed new suit pants altered and my flight was leaving the next day at 10:00 am. I called and Vincent said he would help. He got the job done, with a smile and his work was perfection. . . I would recommend Vincent to anyone needing alterations. Great customer service.
2 ||| This is a bizarre CVS, the kind you would only want to go to in a pinch, and maybe not even then.. . I went to this one with my husband a couple of times to pick up prescriptions, and the vibe from start to finish is so weird. Let's start with parking, which is in a lot behind the store. There's not a lot of visibility to the lot since it is on the back side of the CVS. Being that it is a pharmacy, there wouldn't be a back door or windows, so the lot has a feeling of dangerous seclusion.. . Inside the store, everything I saw told me that "this is a pharmacy that is in a rough neighborhood": shelves are only about 4'6" tall (presumably so workers can see what people are doing in the aisles); bizarre things are locked in cabinets with clear covers (regular brands of shampoo?!); beauty items regularly updated, weren't (I, er, have a nail polish problem; some of the products were about 4 seasons behind and quite a few polishes were separated); it feels like there isn't enough room for the products, which are disorganized and crammed onto shelves (reference the odd shelf height limitation).. . If you can spare the gas and time, there is another a CVS on Center Ave within a mile or so or a Walgreen's (Penn Circ S+Trade St.) and a Rite Aid (Baum+Negley) within 1/2 mile.
2 ||| I go to this CVS all the time, since I work in the neighborhood.  I'm not a huge fan of it - I go mostly due to convenience.  Their greeting card selection is kind of lousy - I don't think I've ever found a decent card here.  I keep trying, every holiday or birthday, but every section is just full of duds.  Also, a lot of stuff is locked behind panels that you need the employees to unlock.  Like, razor blades.  And body wash.  BODY WASH?  It drives me nuts that I need to ask someone to open that shelf for me.  It makes no sense.  Staff is hit-or-miss with friendliness.  Some people are cheerful, and some act like they want you to go away.. . Good things - I love their coupon rewards.  I guess that's for all CVSes, not just this one, but it keeps me coming back because I get mad style coupons like every other visit.  And I had a good experience getting a walk-in flu shot from the pharmacy from the friendly (and quite attractive) pharmacist.  . . I'm just not crazy about the vibe here.  It just seems kind of depressing, with the stuff locked up and the smallish store with kind of a blargh selection.  I would much rather go to other pharmacies, but you can't beat this one for convenience (for me, anyway).  And they have a parking lot, if that helps you.
1 ||| Never again. Let me repeat, never again. . . The primary reason I used to visit this store was to fill medical prescriptions. Due to their repeated inability and ineptness in fulfilling simple requests, I cannot continue to patronize this store.. . Walking into the store, you are given the stink-eye by a minimum wage security guard, which automatically gives you as a customer the warm and fuzzy "guilty-until-proven guilty" feeling a shoplifter would get, which is what this store assumes everyone is based upon their decision to lock up the mouthwash and shampoo.. . The pharmacy seems to be staffed by high school interns.  They have no concept of customer service, nor do they display any attention to detail, which is quite frankly frightening in a pharmacy.  I really think my chihuahua would make a better pharmacist than the people who work here - my chihuahua lick you to death before you got your prescriptions, but at least you'd get greeted when you approach the counter, and you'd get what you ask for.. . The first mishap was when my wife and I changed prescription insurance providers.  i handed wanna-be pharmacist #1 my new insurance card.  After spending about 5 minutes staring into a computer screen behind the counter, he assured me that they had my insurance information in the computer.  I then returned in the following days to fill a prescription, trusting in what wanna-be pharmacist #1 had told me in the days prior.  When I went to check out the bill came to over $300, which I chalked up "maybe I have to meet a deductible before the coverage kicks in."  Upon further research, we discovered that wanna-be pharmacist #1 had NOT updated my insurance information and had run the numerous prescriptions I filled under my old insurance.. . The latest of many "adventures" involved my wife calling in a prescription refill.  We stopped to pick it up on the way home from work, only to be told when we arrived that the insurance won't cover the refill until tomorrow.  Again, she CALLED and SPOKE to one of them to refill the prescription before showing up.  I guess it's too much to ask to TELL someone you're speaking to on the phone that they need to wait a day for the insurance to work before coming into a ghetto pharmacy to not pick up a prescription.  But hey, at least wanna-be pharmacist #2 behind the counter was dressed like a stripper, which gave me and my wife some comic relief for the moment.  . . We then returned the following day to (again) pick up the prescription we called to have refilled 2 days prior.  We were first told by wanna-be pharmacist #3 that there weren't any prescriptions waiting for us.  After searching around for a few minutes, they "found" my wife's prescription refill, but it would take 10 minutes to be ready.  Yes, the prescription that we tried to pick up yesterday would need another 10 minutes to be prepared.  Hence, I am now here, writing this review.. . Never, ever again.
1 ||| This place is a disaster. I made an appointment online for 5:30PM. When I got there they refused me service, asserting they close at 6:00PM. Nevermind that online published hours are from 7AM to 7PM. Furthermore, their own system sent me a confirmation email for my 5:30PM appointment. Finally, this building is an absolute dump... Goodyear should be ashamed to have the brand attached to it.
1 ||| I experienced three main issues with this Goodyear location while purchasing/installing a new set of tires:. . -They did not have my name or appointment in their system when I showed up. Fortunately, they still honored my appointment. . . -They did not install tires correctly. Left for a business trip the following day, and once I got on the highway and my speed passed 65 mph, the car began to rattle (with my new "comfort tread" tires). Booked an appointment, and they fixed the issue.. . -Two months later, I went to my Toyota dealership for routine maintenace. The dealer mechanic found that the lugnuts on the tires had been over torqued by Goodyear. So the Toyota mechanic had to saw them off of each tire and replace them with non-security locked nuts. (If I had a flat on the side of the road, I would have been SOL).. . All of these issues were entirely preventable. The lack of expertise and techincal skill at this Goodyear location is abysmal. I do not recommend.
1 ||| I was just there this morning for a 10am appointment to get my summer tires swapped out for my winter tires.  My regular mechanic was overbooked and there is snow coming on Monday.  Receptionist scheduled me in just fine and the quoted price was reasonable, so I said OK.  Upon arrival, store manager stated that they will not touch the car as it has aftermarket rims and lug nuts.  He did not state any restrictions about aftermarket parts as they could not guarantee the work.  I asked if this was the case for all rims and he became a little snotty.  I had heart surgery a while back and I can't do the jack and tire work as not to tear at my incision/breastplate, if this was not the case with my health, I'd certainly take care of it.  Aftermarket rims are common - should not be an issue.  Last time I ever set foot in that place.
4 ||| Rocco and Vivian have truly been a graceful pair to my roommate and I for the past year. We lived right on Fifth avenue and Bellefonte and found no reason to complain aside from the neighbor's dog downstairs. The few mishaps that happened within the apt ( a broken lock, a leaking sink) were fixed within 24 hours of calling our landlord, Rocco. I have to say that for two girls who forget the little things (more of ten than not) we could not have asked for more understanding tenants for the amount of times we were locked out, forgot keys, needed a drawer fixed, needed heat, etc. Our space was clean and everyone in the building was friendly and respectful. I highly recommend to any student looking for housing in the Burgh.
5 ||| While looking for a rental after relocating Rockwel was extremely helpful and courteous.  They were very responsive and accommodating with the right deadline my wife and I were under.  They were willing to go above and beyond to get the place prepped in time. Couldn't recommend them more.
1 ||| Exceptionally poor maintenance service. They refused to start heat before mid-October and the centrally heated apartment grew very chilly as Fall progressed. On another occasion, they refused to change a rusted and weak lock. The lock eventually gave way and I locked myself into the bathroom. After the incident, I requested that the lock be changed immediately, and one of the owners threatened saying that we were in default of our lease agreement for not keeping our apartment as clean as when it had been leased to us. Dealing with Rocco and Elisabeth is nice, but good luck getting anything done with Nick who seems to be increasingly handling the operations of Rockwel.
4 ||| This place is nestled in a nice location next to the city water reservoir and highland park, making it a great place to grab a coffee if you are out for a morning walk. It offers a clean and casual interior and draws a more eclectic crowd than most cafes- leans a bit towards the business casual crowd. Still ha that neighborhood feel though. I have never had food there though they offer paninis. Great desserts. Good espressos and okay coffee.Outdoor seating. Good place to study. Plenty of laptop outlets and free wireless.
5 ||| This is one of my two favorite coffeehouses in town. It took me far too long to come around and love Tazza D'oro. A horrible ex of mine loved this place and I admit that this soured me. I regret the time I wasted not going here. The dark wood inside comforts me. The small tables outside are a great place to spend the summer. . . Tazza D'Oro brews Batdorf and Bronson beans (amazing), provides Enrico pastries (amazing) free wireless (amazing) and one of the most talented and friendly staffs I've ever met (amazing). Everyone who works there is *so* nice and *so* good at what they do. . . They have a small menu of local/fresh food that looks amazing, but I have never actually eaten it. The espresso served here is actually better than the average shot served at Batdorf and Bronson locations in Olympia, WA. I talked about this with one of the barristas at TD'o and they were offended - "we calibrate our machines the same, we use the same beans, the exact same blends and milks and everything, it can't be different." Sorry, Tazza D'oro, you are better. . . The lines get long on weekend mornings, but they move quickly. There's a sense of community nestled here, just off the "main drag" of Highland Park, between Bryant st. and the reservoir. This is where you can pick up your CSA shipment for the week, where multiple weekly bike rides originate, where there are lively discussion groups meeting nearly every day. The percentage of students is low. Like the rest of Pittsburgh, there's a good chance you'll run into someone you know, but generally I see people I like and miss, which is different than the norm in Pittsburgh for me.
5 ||| Do you see how all of the other reviews give this place 5 stars - this place is way more than a 5 star coffee shop.  I am giving all 5 stars to this delightful coffee shop because it is the perfect community coffee shop.  I am slightly saddened that they took out the 2 overstuffed chairs, but they need more tables because people like to come here and people hanging out in their community is a good thing.  It is 11:30 on a Monday morning and the place is almost full - there are always people coming going, getting coffee.. . It is a great place to sit and read the paper or to pick up some coffee on your way to some place else.. . Enrico's also has become a hub for other community activities - there a a couple of weekly bike groups that meet here.. . Other reasons to love this place (I know some of the other reviews highlighted these but I thought they were worth repeating).. . - free wifi. - outside tables. - tasty treats. - they have a blog!. - really great coffee. - the staff are coffee experts
5 ||| Although I am not a coffee drinker, I do love their iced mochas!  They have wonderful teas, cider, hot chocolate.  The servers are wonderful and the brownies, as big as your head, are like crack.  Amy, the owner, has created a wonderful place for community.
5 ||| Best independent coffeeshop I've ever had the pleasure to visit.. . Best americano I've ever had.  Some of the best espresso I've ever had.  Great desserts, pastries, and cookies.  Good food.  The employees are awesome.. . The owner apparently put the shop there because their neighborhood didn't previously have anything like it.  The shop is also all about bicycling as transportation, sponsoring regular group rides around town, and also group walks for those not bicycle-inclined.
5 ||| I LOVE this place. THE best coffee in the 'Burgh. Good atmosphere, great service. The food is really good too.
5 ||| One of my favorite coffee places in Pittsburgh. THey also have pretty good sandwiches and salads if you are looking for some light lunch food. Otherwise, they have plenty of pasteries/cookies to eat that are pretty good.
5 ||| Some of the best coffee I've ever had.  Ever.. . Stick with an Italian Cappuccino and bring a good friend for some good conversation.
5 ||| Quick service, amazing coffee, nice vibe.
5 ||| I love this place, its warm and cozy ambiance and the coffee and baked goods are wonderful!  The staff is so inviting too!
5 ||| The coffee here was excellent! Had a double espresso. Apparently their roaster is in Santa Cruz Ca. Large selection of French Press Coffees. Baked goods did not look too great but that is not why I came here. Atmosphere is very mellow and comfortable. Also has Wifi which works! Nice to find a place like this when traveling. Is in the middle of a residential area and there doesnt seem to be anything else around here.
5 ||| I love Tazza D'Oro! great coffee, excellent baked goods and the food is delicious.
3 ||| The coffee is really awesome but the brunch wasn't anything spectacular.  It was also exceptionally busy and me and my three friends had to crowd around a teeny tiny table.  All of us felt like the panini/burritos were totally edible and good just not great.  The flavors just weren't super tasty.  I would say yay on coming here for coffee sort of yay on coming for food.. . It kind of bothers me that it shows up as the number one restaurant in Pittsburgh.  I mean, it DEFINITELY does not deserve that ranking.  I wouldn't want out-of-towners coming to Pittsburgh and thinking that's the best we have.
5 ||| This cafe's espresso drinks are on par with the best artisinal coffee houses anywhere.  I always go out of my way to get coffee from here when I'm in Pittsburgh.
4 ||| Coffee, Coffee, espresso, cappuccino, coffee, espresso...TEA!!!  Amazing selection of TEAS; high-quality, loose and those that I've tried have been so delicately balanced, the word perfect comes to mind. . . While their espresso is also excellent, I've not been pleased by Tazza D'oro's (soy) lattes, so I am going to indulge my renewed enthusiasm for fine teas and work my way through their extensive menu that which is not to be overlooked if you have even the slightest interest in exploring beyond the weak frontiers of Lipton.
5 ||| Best coffee in Pittsburgh, without a doubt. Believe the hype. I've been going here for years, and every visit is a pleasure.
5 ||| Yes! Awesome soy cap, scone, and atmosphere. Nice place to hang out & read, and free WiFi with no login procedure.
5 ||| Thought it's somewhat pointless to write a review for this place. I mean, every spro geeks i know of in town knows this is the best place to get a cup doppio or any espresso drink. The only reason I still decided to write this review is stupid yelp doesn't let me add a store to my list unless I have written a review for it. dah!. . This place is where all my fine coffee addiction started with. Never did I have a cup of starbucks coffee after my first visit to Tazza D'ro. Not sure if it is a good thing, since now I have to do a lot of research on where to get a good cup of coffee before going to a new city no matter for business or for pleasure.. . I love their signature "bike love" for all the espresso drink w/ milk. It's fruity, mild, and fragrant. It's addictive! The only thing I have against it is that it has pretty strong caffeine in it, although it tastes super innocent. It's actually almost stronger then any spro blend I've tried.. . I also appreciate a lot  the community atmosphere and the effort to bring in community improvement of TD.. . Not a good place to study/work at on a weekend afternoon tho. It's too popular thus noisy.
4 ||| This is a staple neighborhood coffee house right down the hill from the park. Great outdoor seating. Very hip atmosphere. Plenty of plugs for laptops. Comfy chairs for relaxing. Friendly people. Only problem is finding a seat.
5 ||| One of the best cups of coffee in pgh.  Great atmosphere for working, studying or a meeting.  Very neighborly feeling.
5 ||| I would never have found this place if it wasn't for yelp.  It is somewhat hidden among lots of houses and residential buildings.  I ordered a latte and blueberry scone, both were great!  I wanted to order food but I was told that they do not serve food (even breakfast) until 11 a.m.  I would go back if i am in the area.
5 ||| Some of the best coffee in Pittsburgh (and many argue that it is in fact -the- best). Really warm, rich blends, especially the espresso. The tea menu is extensive and has a lot of variety, so it's a great place for non-coffee-drinkers, too. It has a relaxed atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating (is there anything cosier than curling up in one of the window seats with a book/notebook on a rainy day?). I've done it all here-- from writing and filing an article when the newsroom was too loud to meeting a blind date. It's a good place to linger and savor. Its proximity to the park is a big advantage.
4 ||| The epitome of 4 stars: Excellent without being perfect. Tucked away in the middle of a charming old residential neighbourhood, you'll likely miss it the first drive by. Turning around is worth it.. . Yes the staff tends to be the typical hipster, bike-riding sort that so commonly seems to staff indie coffee shops, but they're friendly and unpretentious, so don't hold it against them.  The patrons are almost exclusively college students (anyone else tends to drive by and take their coffee to go), though hipsters are actually in the minority here.  Anyone under the age of 25 will fit in perfectly, and no one 35 and under will feel uncomfortable.  . . The noise level is perfect.  Most students are on their laptops with headphones, a few are chatting quietly, and the background (indie) music is just that.  You don't need headphones to concentrate here.. . Decor is decent without being great.  The ceiling is crossed by beautiful wooden beams, and the floor is a pleasantly bland creamy ceramic tile.  So is the wallpaper, though the original modern paintings tend to help make things interesting.  Where it loses points is in the furnishings: the mixture of wall lamps, hanging fixtures, and pot lights doesn't work well, the serving bar itself is an ugly cheap laminate, and the touches of plastic greenery dribbled around the place fails misserably.. . Iced water is provided, which is decent (plastic cups are a minus), but inferior to the mineral water other places serve. We tried their richly brewed Ethiopian to rave reviews, with the party split on whether the thick ceramic mug was a plus (hefty and warming) or minus (hard to drink from). Truly fantastic coffee, but the lattes were rather disappointing: Beautifully steamed milk in every cup, but a rather bland espresso shot left the latte rather lacking in the nuanced flavour one finds in a 5 star establishment.  The medium latte (12oz, with 2 shots of espresso -- the steongest ratio they offer) should have been far better.. . The food looked worth having, but we'd just eaten. Homemade pastries and fresh sandwiches looked tempting, and we certainly will come hungrier next time.. . A solid four stars, held back a bit by decor and a lot by espresso.
5 ||| Just realized that no one mentioned about their chai latte yet. They make their chai from scratch. The best chai I have ever had outside of my indian co-worker's kitchen. The only thing is, since they premade a whole pot, there's no way you can get a cup of skim chai...
5 ||| local, friendly businesses serving a great product DO still exist.
3 ||| Reasons:. . 1. LOCATION and setting: Highland Park is simply lovely - makes you feel as if you are in a small English town, where time has stood still. The art and small tables inside and outside are charming.. 2. Socially Responsible:Fair trade and international array of coffee.. 3. Fresh Meat:  Local pasture raised meat/ local produce in their tasty panini's.. 4. Nice crowd and staff.
5 ||| Best coffee I had in Pittsburgh. Their Italian Cappuccino is pretty addictive.
5 ||| one of the best espresso bars i've been to.. . +1 for great espresso.  i had a shot of ethiopian espresso.  fantastic!  grabbed a costa rican pour-over on my way out ... perhaps one of the best cups of coffee i've ever had.. . +1 for baristas who pay great attention to detail. . +1 for great atmosphere.  the ceiling is tastefully ornate, and the decor is pleasing.  hearty wood furniture used throughout.. . +0 for having a location a bit far from downtown.. . a favorite for locals and not-so-locals alike.. . highly recommended!  i will return...
